In that dread desert, beneath the moon's pale gaze, dead men walk.
They haunt the shifting dunes of the breathless, windless night,
brandish weapons of bronze in mocking challenge and bitter resentment of the life they no longer possess.
And sometimes, in ghastly dry voices, like the rustling of sun-baked reeds, they whisper the one word they remember from life.
The name of the one who cursed them to their existence, more than death but less than life.
They whisper the name, Nagash...

“恐怖的沙漠中，苍白月色之下，行尸走肉。这令人窒息的无风之夜，他们游荡在起伏的沙丘间，挥舞着青铜武器，嘲弄着逝去的生命，满是苦涩与怨恨。
有时，他们用干涩的声音，就如烈日炙烤后干枯的芦苇沙沙声，低语着生命中唯一记得的一个词。
通过诅咒将他们变成这种不死不活的存在，他们轻声呢喃着那个名字，纳迦什...”

—Extract from the Liber Necris, translated by Mannfred von Carstein

节选自曼弗雷德·冯·卡斯坦因翻译的《自由女神》

Nagash, known by many names such as the "Great Necromancer," the "Great Betrayer," the "Usurper," the "Undying King,"
the "Supreme Lord of Undeath" or simply "He Who Shall Not Be Named," is an extremely powerful Liche who is the ultimate personification of death and the Undead,
an ancient, evil being who sought to conquer this cruel, chaotic mortal world and bring about an age of Undeath that will rule for all eternity.

纳迦什，他拥有很多名号，“巫妖王”、“大背叛者”、“篡夺者”、“不死之王”、“至高亡灵领主”或简单地称为“不能说名字的人”，
他是一个非常强大的巫妖，是死亡与亡灵的终极化身，一个古老而邪恶的存在，企图征服这个残酷、混沌的凡世，创造一个永恒的亡灵时代。

Nagash is darkness and unreasoning hatred given form,
the father and creator of the foul art of necromancy and lord of all Vampires and other Undead.
His every action and deed is self-serving, his achievement horrific and loathsome,
and his every whim bent solely to ensure that no one shall ever deny nor challenge his right to rule over all the Known World ever again.
This dark, evil, Undead being came close to ultimate domination,
but if not for the sacrifice of the unsung hero Alcadizaar the Conqueror,
this world would have been lost to him millennia ago.

纳迦什是黑暗和无理仇恨的化身，死灵法术的创造者，所有吸血鬼和亡灵的领主。
他所作的一切都是为了自己，他拥有恐怖而令人憎恶的成就，费尽心力确保没有人敢对他说不，敢挑战他对整个已知世界的统治权。
这位黑暗、邪恶、不死的存在几乎达到终极统治，若不是无名英雄征服者阿卡迪扎（Alcadizaar）的牺牲，这个世界早在千年前就已经沦陷于他的手中了。

Now, many generations later, his name has become little more than a shadowy legend, his dark whispers echoing eternally upon the Purple Wind of Magic, Shyish.
Though he may be gone, death itself could never truly claim his soul, and for centuries after his demise, his eternally damned spirit has since recovered his power,
whispering to the ears of all those that had served him, and those that soon will.

如今，许多代人过去了，他的名字变成了遥远的传说，可他阴暗的低语声，永远在紫色的魔法之风——沙许（Shyish）中回荡着。
他可能已经消失了，但死亡夺不走他的灵魂。逝去后的几个世纪里，他那被永久诅咒过的灵魂重新获得了力量，对那些曾经为他效力过的人，还有即将为他效力的人，低声耳语。

Always, he steered them towards his reawakening, his final apocalyptic rebirth upon the world.
Nagash vowed to bide his time, not returning until his powers were regained in full, until he was ready to reign supreme against all life.
He envisioned the mortal world filled with the silent, unthinking Undead, a realm where only his will and thoughts can think freely and without challenge.
他一直指引着他们，为了他的重生，如世界末日般再次降临。
纳迦什发誓要耐心的等，直到他的力量完全恢复，直到他可以消灭所有的生灵获得至高无上的统治。
他设想凡人世界被静谧无声的亡灵填满，变成一个唯有他的意志和思想能自由思考，无人挑战的领域。

However, the portents were troubled.
The Dark Gods were moving, and Nagash realised that unless he returned to thwart them, Chaos would finally conquer all.
This time the Great Necromancer was going to claim the power of death itself.
He would choke all life from the world and rule eternally in the darkness that followed.
This time, there will be nothing to stop him from reaching his ultimate destiny, and to those that try, they shall bow before the true god of the dead.

然而，预兆不妙。
黑暗诸神在行动，纳迦什意识到，如果他不回来阻止他们，混沌将征服一切。
这一次，巫妖王将利用死亡的力量。
他将扼杀世界上所有的生命，并在随之而来的黑暗中永远统治。
这一次，没有什么能阻止他谱写最终的命运，任何试图阻止他的人，都将在真正的死神面前屈服。




