Had I been secondborn, the people of Khemri would have served me gladly, and the city would have prospered.
If you would blame anyone, blame those damned gods you so adore.
It was they who made me no more than a first son.
It was their will who ultimately sealed you inside that tomb.

如果我是次子，喀穆里的人民会乐意为我服务，这座城市也会繁荣起来。
如果要责怪谁，就怪那些你们崇拜着的、该死的神。
是他们让我成为了卑微的长子。
是他们的意志把你们封印在那座坟墓里。

—Nagash the Usurper to his brother Thutep, rationalising his coup.
篡夺兄弟图特普（Thutep）权位的纳迦什，为自己政变的辩护。

As the first son of King Khetep of the 3rd Dynasty of the ancient Nehekharan city-state of Khemri,
Nagash was destined to serve the Nehekharan Pantheon of gods as a priest of the Mortuary Cult whilst his younger brother, Thutep,
ascended to rule Khemri as the new priest-king following their father's death.
Nagash was an exceptionally gifted student,
and due to his talents and royal heritage he quickly became one of Khemri's high priests,
but this did not sate his unquenchable thirst for power over others.
Filled with pride and greed,
Nagash coveted the throne toone day be held by his brother and set into motion a plot to seize the crown of Khemri for himself.
Nagash began to corrupt the religious incantations of the Mortuary Cult,
and he gathered together a dozen like-minded acolytes,
of which a cruel noble named Arkhan was the foremost.

作为古代尼赫喀拉城邦喀穆里第三王朝国王卡特普的长子，
纳迦什命中注定会成为“葬仪祭团”（Mortuary Cult）的祭司为尼赫喀拉诸神服务，
而他的弟弟——图特普，会在他们父亲去世后登基，统治喀穆里，
成为新的祭司国王。
纳迦什是一个非常有天赋的学生，
出众才能再加上王室血统，
他很快就成为了喀穆里的大祭司之一，
但这并没有满足他对权力不可遏制的欲望。
纳迦什充满了骄傲与贪婪，觊觎那有朝一日将被他的兄弟掌握王位，谋划了夺取喀穆里王座的阴谋。
纳迦什开始破坏葬仪祭团的宗教仪式，召集了十多个志同道合的信徒，其中有一位名叫“阿克汉”的残忍贵族，是他最重要的追随者。

One night, as the clouds covered the moon, Nagash murdered Thutep's bodyguard before entombing the young king alive within the Great Pyramid of their father.
The next morning, blood still staining his hands, Nagash placed himself on the throne, and none dared confront him.
The reign of Nagash was a time of terror for all the people of Nehekhara.
The usurper king sought to increase his own power by means of devilish sorcery;
a blasphemy that the people of Nehekhara felt certain would incur the wrath of the gods.
Nagash had learned the art of Dark Magic from a cabal of shipwrecked Dark Elves,
captured and imprisoned within his father's pyramid on the eve of his funeral.
Nagash tortured the pale-skinned foreigners until they divulged the secrets of their mystical powers,
and he proved to be an apt pupil indeed.
After only a few years, Nagash had surpassed his tutors' powers, and he destroyed them in a deadly magical duel as they tried to escape.

一天晚上，乌云遮住月亮时，纳迦什杀了图特普的保镖，然后将这位年轻的国王活埋在他们父亲的大金字塔中。
第二天早上，尽管鲜血沾满了双手，纳迦什依然坐上了王座，没有人敢与他对峙。
纳迦什的统治对尼赫喀拉的人民来说是一个黑暗恐怖的时期。
这位篡夺者试图通过恶魔般的巫术来增加自己的权力;
尼赫喀拉的人民认为这种亵渎会招致众神的愤怒。
纳迦什从一群遭遇海难的黑暗精灵那里学到了黑魔法的精髓，这些精灵族在他父亲的葬礼前夕被俘虏并囚禁在他父亲的金字塔内。
纳迦什折磨着这些皮肤苍白的外国人，直到他们泄露了神秘力量的秘密，事实证明他确实是一个合适的学生。
仅仅几年后，纳迦什就超越了“这些导师”的力量，当他们试图逃跑时，他在一场致命的魔法决斗中摧毁了他们。

I have defied death and laid the gods low.
I am the master of this land, and all that it contains.
You look about you and see calamity, our small army in tatters, surrounded by our foes, but that is because your mind is weak, Arkhan the Black.
You let the world bend you to its whims.
That is the thinking of a mere mortal, I do not heed the voice of this world, Arkhan.
Instead, I command it.
I shape it to my will.

我蔑视死亡，贬低众神。
我统治着片土地，和这儿的一切。
你环顾四周，这些灾难，我们的军队残破不堪，被敌人包围，但那是因为你的心智脆弱，黑色·阿克汉。
你让世界随意摆布你。
这是凡人的想法，我不听从这个世界的声音，阿克汉。
相反，我命令它。
我按照我的的意志来塑造它。

—Nagash the Usurper.
篡位者纳迦什

Nagash began to experiment with necromancy, combining his mastery of Dark Magic with his knowledge of death from the Mortuary Cult.
He committed his findings into nine accursed tomes: the Books of Nagash, the most powerful sources of necromantic magic in the world.
One of Nagash's chief successes was the creation of the cursed Elixir of Life.
With it, Nagash had finally unlocked the secret of eternal youth.
He allowed Arkhan, his trusted vizier, and his other principal lieutenants, to imbibe the elixir.
It granted them immortality and incredible strength but,
unable to recreate the potion themselves,
they were little more than slaves to Nagash's sinister will.

纳迦什开始研究亡灵法术，将黑魔法与葬仪祭团中获得的死亡知识相结合。
他将自己的发现写进了九本被诅咒的书中：纳迦什之书（the Books of Nagash），这是世界上最强大的死灵魔法来源。
纳迦什的主要成就之一是创造了被诅咒的长生不老药。
有了它，纳迦什终于解开了青春永驻的秘密。
他允许被信任的大臣阿克汉和其他主要副手使用长生不老药。
这赋予了他们不朽的生命和不可思议的力量，但由于无法自己调制灵药，
他们只是纳迦什邪恶意志的奴隶而已。

To increase his power and maintain dominance over the land, Nagash ordered the building of a vast black pyramid.
Whilst the populace of Khemri believed this to be just another burial tomb, it was in fact a structure that would channel and harness the Winds of Magic to Nagash's every whim.
The pyramid became Nagash's obsession, and its construction quickly drained Khemri's resources, forcing the necromancer to wage war to capture building material and replenish his workforce.
Nagash demanded great quantities of gold and slaves from other cities to be sent in tribute to Khemri.
That which was not given freely was taken by force, and several cities were brutally conquered by Nagash.

为了增加权力并保持对这片土地的统治地位，纳迦什下令建造一座巨大的黑色金字塔。
虽然喀穆里的民众认为这只是另一个坟墓，但实际上它是一个可以引导和利用魔法之风来满足纳迦什的每一个可怕想法的建筑。
金字塔成为纳迦什最痴迷的东西，建造它迅速耗尽了喀穆里的资源，迫使死灵法师发动战争以夺取建筑材料并补充他的劳动力。
纳迦什要求从其他城市运送大量黄金和奴隶，向喀穆里进贡。
没有主动进贡的，会遭到武力掠夺，纳迦什残酷地征服了几座城市。

Marble the colour of midnight was brought from afar,
and innumerable slaves toiled day and night for fifty years until the Black Pyramid of Nagash towered above all other monuments in the whole of Nehekhara.
Such was Nagash's arrogance that he had built for himself a tomb that dwarfed even the Great Pyramid of Settra.
The broken corpses of countless slaves were built into its foundations, and mystic sigils of power were woven into the Black Pyramid's walls.
Even in the baking desert sun, the pyramid was cold to the touch, and not even starlight reflected off its magic-saturated surface.
Upon its completion, the Winds of Magic blew more strongly across Nehekhara, and Nagash's mastery of Dark Magic and necromancy increased ten-fold.
However, the tribute exacted by Khemri was so great that the poverty-wracked cities of Nehekhara had begun to fall into ruin.
Eventually, the other Priest Kings rallied against the tyranny of Khemri.
They refused to submit to Nagash any longer, and they began to draw their plans against him.

漆黑如夜空的大理石从远方运来，无数奴隶日以继夜、夜以继日的劳作了五十年，直到纳迦什的黑色金字塔耸立起来，比整个尼赫喀拉的任何纪念碑都要高。
纳迦什的傲慢由此可见，他为自己建造的这座坟墓，甚至使塞特拉大金字塔都相形见绌。
无数奴隶的破碎尸骸被埋没在金字塔的地基上，神秘的力量印记被刻画在黑色金字塔的墙壁上。
即使在沙漠炙热的阳光下，金字塔摸起来也很冷，甚至连星光都没有从它充满魔法的表面反射出来。
完成后，魔法之风在尼赫喀拉吹拂得更加强烈，纳迦什对黑魔法和死灵法术的掌握增强了十倍。
然而，喀穆里索取的贡品实在太多了，以至于贫困的尼赫喀拉城市开始变成废墟。
最终，其他祭司国王们团结起来反抗喀穆里的暴政。
他们拒绝再屈服于纳迦什，开始制定反对他的计划。
