@["FSM_faction_info_faction_HUNGARIAN_EARLY"]
@{"Faction Difficulty Rating: Moderate. Playing the Hungarians in this period is no harder or easier than the difficulty level set for the campaign."} //##changed
@{"Around 200 years ago, the Magyars were one of many nomadic peoples who left the steppes and rode into eastern and central Europe. Settling into the Danube basin, they became greatly feared for their raiding, which reached as far as Bremen, Orleans and Constantinople. As the kingdoms of Europe - in particular the Holy Roman Empire, which had borne the brunt of their attacks - set aside quarrels and organized their defences raiding gave way to diplomatic activity. The Magyars of Hungary became established as an ally of the Empire, guarding its flanks instead of preying upon them. The process was complete when Stephen I adopted Christianity and was recognized as King of Hungary by the Pope and Emperor in 1000. He was even proclaimed a saint after his death in 1038!"}
@{"After Stephen's death Hungary fell into a period of turmoil as rival claimants to the throne intrigued and fought for control, a time which may have lasted until the present day. After a promising beginning, Hungary is weak, and needs a strong leader who can reunite the nation and guide its fortunes into the future. The opportunities for greatness lie all around, just waiting to be grasped."}
@{"The best and quickest route to greatness probably lies in taking control of the Balkan provinces to the south and east. This will bring Hungary into competition with the Byzantine Empire, but a strong position is achievable, scotching any Byzantine plans to re-establish control over the Balkans. To the north and east there are lands to be taken on the steppes, but this can lead to frictions with the Polish. To the west, the Italians are quite powerful, and to the northwest, there is the Holy Roman Empire. The Hungarians will need to make alliances with at least one of these powers to have any chance of success, or just to postpone a day of reckoning. Finally, the Hungarians lie on the likely route of any crusading army heading towards the Holy Land. Although the crusaders will still have a long way to go, their armies can strip provinces they pass through of riches and military units who decide to 'follow the cross'."}
@{"All this said the Hungarians have a strong starting position with naturally defensible frontiers. They can do well if they choose to grasp their opportunities."}

@["FSM_faction_info_faction_HUNGARIAN_HIGH"]
@{"Faction Difficulty Rating: Moderate. Playing the Hungarians in this period is no harder or easier than the difficulty level set for the campaign."} //##changed
@{"Hungary has suffered from dynastic warfare for more than 150 years. Rival claimants to the throne have called in allies from Hungary's more powerful neighbours, and have paid for their help in land. Despite this, the kingdom has acquired Croatia and other neighbouring territories. Internal politics and intrigues within the Holy Roman Empire have also helped, and somehow Hungary has contrived to live at peace with its neighbours during its period of internal strife."}
@{"However, this good fortune cannot last forever. Hungary is in desperate need of a strong leader who will restore peace and stability to the country. Once this is done, the comparative weakness of Hungary's neighbours offers the potential for expansion, especially in lands ceded to foreign supporters of the various rival claimants to the throne. Under the guidance of a strong and able king, Hungary could well become the leading power in central Europe, eclipsing both the Holy Roman Empire and the remains of the Byzantine Empire."}
@{"At this point in time, the best route to greatness lies in taking control of the Balkan provinces to the south and east. While this will make Hungary a direct rival to the Byzantine Empire, the Byzantines will have problems of their own - the recapture of Constantinople from the "Latin" Emperors. There may even be a chance for the Hungarians to press on towards Constantinople and take it for their own! In doing so, however, the Hungarians must be careful not to leave open a back door for an invasion by the Holy Roman Empire. To the north and east there are also lands to be taken on the steppes. Finally, the Hungarians still lie on the likely route of any crusading army heading towards the Holy Land. Although the crusaders will still have a long way to go, their armies can devastate provinces as they march through, stripping riches and troops."}
@{"All this said the Hungarians have a strong starting position with naturally defensible frontiers. They can do well if they choose to grasp their opportunities."}


Faction Difficulty Rating: Moderate.
Historical Context: Around 200 years ago, the Magyars were nomadic people who settled in the Danube basin and became feared for their raiding activities. They were eventually recognized as allies of the Holy Roman Empire, with Stephen I adopting Christianity and being crowned King of Hungary in 1000. He was proclaimed a saint after his death in 1038.
Current Situation: After Stephen's death, Hungary experienced turmoil with rival claimants fighting for control. The nation is weak and needs a strong leader to reunite and guide it to greatness.
Opportunities for Expansion: The best route to greatness is likely through controlling the Balkan provinces, which would put Hungary in competition with the Byzantine Empire. Other areas for expansion include the steppes to the north and east (which may cause friction with Poland), and the Italians and the Holy Roman Empire to the west and northwest. Alliances with these powers are crucial. Hungary may also be affected by crusading armies heading towards the Holy Land.
Starting Position: The Hungarians have a strong starting position with defensible frontiers and can do well if they seize their opportunities.


“Faction Difficulty Rating: Moderate. Playing the Hungarians in this period is no harder or easier than the difficulty level set for the campaign.”
“势力难度评级：适中。在这一时期扮演匈牙利人并不比为战役设定的难度水平更难或更容易。”

Around 200 years ago, the Magyars were one of many nomadic peoples who left the steppes and rode into eastern and central Europe.
大约200年前，马扎尔人是众多从草原上离开并进入东欧和中欧的游牧民族之一。
Settling into the Danube basin, they became greatly feared for their raiding, which reached as far as Bremen, Orleans and Constantinople.
他们定居在多瑙河流域，因其掠夺行为而受到极大的恐惧，掠夺范围甚至达到了不来梅、奥尔良和君士坦丁堡。
As the kingdoms of Europe - in particular the Holy Roman Empire, which had borne the brunt of their attacks - set aside quarrels and organized their defences raiding gave way to diplomatic activity.
随着欧洲各国——特别是曾遭受他们攻击的神圣罗马帝国——放下争端，组织起防御，掠夺逐渐转变为外交活动。
The Magyars of Hungary became established as an ally of the Empire, guarding its flanks instead of preying upon them.
匈牙利的马扎尔人成为了帝国的盟友，守卫帝国的侧翼而非掠夺它们。
The process was complete when Stephen I adopted Christianity and was recognized as King of Hungary by the Pope and Emperor in 1000.
过程在1000年时达到了高潮，当时斯特凡一世皈依了基督教，并被教皇和皇帝承认为匈牙利国王。
He was even proclaimed a saint after his death in 1038!”
他在1038年去世后甚至被宣为圣人！”


“After Stephen's death Hungary fell into a period of turmoil as rival claimants to the throne intrigued and fought for control, a time which may have lasted until the present day. After a promising beginning, Hungary is weak, and needs a strong leader who can reunite the nation and guide its fortunes into the future. The opportunities for greatness lie all around, just waiting to be grasped.”
“The best and quickest route to greatness probably lies in taking control of the Balkan provinces to the south and east. This will bring Hungary into competition with the Byzantine Empire, but a strong position is achievable, scotching any Byzantine plans to re-establish control over the Balkans. To the north and east there are lands to be taken on the steppes, but this can lead to frictions with the Polish. To the west, the Italians are quite powerful, and to the northwest, there is the Holy Roman Empire. The Hungarians will need to make alliances with at least one of these powers to have any chance of success, or just to postpone a day of reckoning. Finally, the Hungarians lie on the likely route of any crusading army heading towards the Holy Land. Although the crusaders will still have a long way to go, their armies can strip provinces they pass through of riches and military units who decide to 'follow the cross'.”
“All this said the Hungarians have a strong starting position with naturally defensible frontiers. They can do well if they choose to grasp their opportunities.”
