





THE
MEDITERRANEAN
A MEMOIR
PHYSICAL HISTORICAL AND NAUTICAL
BY
REAK-ADMIEAL WILLIAM HENEY SMYTH, K.S.F., D.C.L.,
ONE OF THE BOARD OF VISITORS OF THE ROYAL OBSERVATORY

SOME TIME FOREIGN SECRETARY AND VICE-PRESIDENT OP THE ROYAL SOCIETY, VICE-PRESIDENT AND DIRECTOR OF THE SOCIETY OF ANTIQUARIES, PRESIDENT OF THE ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY, PRESIDENT OF THE ROYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY, AND VICE-PRESIDENT AND CHAIRMAN OF THE UNITED SERVICE INSTITUTION OF LONDON:
CORRESPONDING MEMBER OF THE INSTITUTE OF FRANCE; HONORARY MEMBER OF THE ROYAL IRISH ACADEMY; AND OF THE SCIENTIFIC ACADEMIES
OF NAPLES, PALERMO, FLORENCE, BOSTON, WASHINGTON, AND NEW YORK.
LONDON
JOHN W. PARKER AND SON
MDCCCL1V
N\
454
j} e> i 3
/
TO
//REAR-ADMIRAL SIR FRANCIS BEAUFORT, K.C.B.
F.R.S., F.G.S., F.R.A.S., ETC. HYDROGRAPHER TO THE ADMIRALTY.
St. John's Lodge, near Aylesbury,
Jan. 2Mht 1854. My dear Beaufort,
I KNOW not to whom I could in any case have addressed
my hydrographical treatise so appropriately as to you, who have so long and ably presided over the surveying department of the navy. But nearly half a century of professional acquaintance, including
thirty years of intimate friendship, with the knowledge of you which
they have given as a man, a seaman, and an officer, leave me
wholly unable to say whether I ought rather to inscribe this work
to you as a public compliment, or as a mark of private regard.
To you, then, I submit the present exposition of the state of our knowledge of the Mediterranean Sea at the time of my return to England in the close of the year 1824; only regretting, on various counts connected therewith, that you were not holding office at that period.
This work, as you are aware, has long been meditated, but has
' hung fire' for the completion of the surveys in the Archipelago, so that it might only just precede a complete Sailing-Directory for the whole Inner Sea. The unexpected breaking off of Captain
Graves, however, towards the very close of those operations, and
b
vi DEDICATION.
their consequent suspension, determined me to proceed with mypart at once. For this and two or three other reasons, together
with the loss occasioned by the destructive conflagration of the
printing-office of Messrs. Savill and Edwards, the book is later in its publication than was intended. Still the delay has been
of no actual detriment to the Service, since my charts—which,
in fact, are working diagrams of all the labour—have long been
engraved and circulated by the Admiralty ; while, as you can testify, my observations and memoranda have always been accessible
to inquirers.
The undertaking, though heavy, is nevertheless not wanting
either in interest or importance : the Mediterranean Sea, so secondary
in extent compared with others, being, per se, of vast surface, with
many of its characteristics on the grandest scale. Besides, viewing
it as the actual site where the intellectual culture to which we are most directly indebted was first developed, it cannot but be regarded
for its portentous historical occurrences ; nor will a sailor forget
that it is the sea whereon the fleets of Carthage, Greece, and Romecontended in former days, and those of Spain, France, Italy, andEngland in later times. ' The grand object of travelling/ said Dr. Johnson to General Paoli, ' is to see the shores of the Mediterranean. On those shores were the four great empires of the world
;
the Assyrian, the Persian, the Greek, and the Roman. All our
religion, almost all our arts, almost all that sets us above savages, has come to us from the shores of the Mediterranean/
It might appear strange that a coast of such paramount interest should still have required surveying in the present day; but the
following pages may, in part, account for the necessity. To whatis hereinafter mentioned, it may be prefaced, that useful knowledge
has recently spread as largely over the waters as upon land ; much
DEDICATION. vii
of which must be ascribed to sundry of its older trammels being
thrown overboard, and much to the progressive improvement which
time naturally and surely creates. Since you and I first dabbled
in these matters, a vast stride has been made in hydrography; and
the results are seen in more efficient instruments, better astrono- mical tables, sounder nautical directions, and more correct charts. Instead of a Lunarian being a
l rara avis' in our ships, as of erst, there is now a very host of them afloat; and chronometers, then so
scarce, are at present to be found in every ship of consideration. Meantime, the various branches of available science have been so steadily advancing among seamen of all nations, that besides a
higher practice in mechanical navigation, they possess a more
accurate information respecting the phenomena of winds and
oceanic currents than heretofore. Already the elements are nearly
reduced to subjection by the union of science and practical seamanship, so that sea-passages are wonderfully shortened within memory
;
and these beneficial effects are on the eve of being strengthened in
utility by a systematic arrangement and impartial discussion of connected facts, as proposed by the energetic Lieut. Maury, of the
United States Navy. In a word, although incompetence may
sometimes appear in the van, to the serious detriment of the public
interests and character, the true place and substantial advantage
of real talent is fast gaining recognition; whence it must follow that inchoate notions, and arbitrary assumptions, will inevitably
succumb to experienced skill, and the logical reasonings of
induction.
It would be deeply important to our knowledge of the terrestrial attributes of our globe, were the profundity, form, and physical nature of the ocean ascertained; but an enormous amount of labour and money must be consumed, before positive conclusions
vni DEDICATION.
can possibly be arrived at over such an immensity. Indeed, a
complete oceanic survey may be beyond human power ; but, to the
best of my opinion, a sub-aqueous map of the Mediterranean is within our compass. Towards an object so truly valuable to
science, the following pages, it is hoped, may prove a trustworthy
pioneer ; albeit my inquiries were mainly directed to our maritime
requirements in 1810, the date of my commencing operations in that sea. Still, in conducting examinations and gathering every
information in my power, neither toil, responsibility, nor personal
expense, were ever spared by
Your truly attached friend,
CONTENTS.
Pakt I. A Chorographical Yiew of the Shores of the Mediterranean
Sea, with especial reference to their Produce and Commerce.
Introductory matter . . The Snores of Spain . .
t The Spanish Islands . . The Coast of France . . The Coast of Western Italy
Of the Italian Islands . . The Adriatic Sea ...
10
1317
2834
The Shores and Islands of Western Greece 48
The Archipelago, Black Sea, and
Levant 61 The North Coast of Africa . . 83
Statistics of the British Dependencies ... . , . . . 100
Part II. Of the Currents, Tides, and Waters of the
Mediterranean Sea.
Preliminary matter 104
Volcanic Zone 106
Physical speculations . . . .113
Divisions and sub-divisions . . 123 Temperature 124
Colour 125 Luminosity 126 Component substances detected 127
Specific Gravity 131
Adventure Bank 136 Extent of the Mediterranean
Sea 139 Supply 140
Fluvial system 143 Evaporation 145 On the Currents 151 On the Tides . • 171 Ichthyology 192
CONTENTS.
Part III. Of the Mediterranean Winds, Weather, and
Atmospherical Phenomena.
On the Climate and Meteorology 210
On the author's Registers . . 212 Barometer and Thermometer . 216 Rain 217 Probable degree of Change in Climate 223 Malaria 225 Winds and Weather . . . .230
Prognostics 238
Electric agency 262
Waterspouts 263 Compazant 267 Mirage 288 Fogs . . 290
Dew 292 Damage by Lightning ....302
Part IY. Of the Surveys and Geographical Investigations in the
Mediterranean Sea.
In the early ages 310
Classic Surveys 314
Ptolemy's grave error .... 321 Comparison of ancient points . 325 In the Middle Ages 325 The Arabians .326
The Venetians 328 Early Portolani 329
marked therein, and
since omitted 332
Modern operations 336 The author's surveys ....353
Captain Gauttier 359 The Adriatic survey ....363
Officers of the Aid 'dud. Adventure 375 Course pursued 380
Catalogue of the Charts . . . 394
Part V. Of the Orthography and Nomenclature adopted ; the Geographical Points—or Co-ordinates of Latitude, Longitude, and Height—of the Mediterranean Shores; withtheVariation of the Magnetic Needle, and other Notanda.He-measurement of the arc be- tween Palermo and Malta . . 420
Daussy's examination of the
question 421 Dip of the horizon 426
On the Use of Symbols . . .427
On Abbreviations 428
Simple Symbols 430
Prefatory matter 406
Causes of change in Greek names 410
Orthography of Arabian names . 414 Arrangement of the tabulated
points 416 On the normal position of Palermo Observatory . . . 417
CONTENTS. xi
Appendix.
I. The opening of a Road into central Africa 473
II. On Graham Island 498
The Index 501
ERRATA.
The reader is earnestly requested to correct, with his pen, the following
oversights of the press.
46, line 20, for ' Chinuera,' read 'Chimera.'
47, last line of the note, for 'futile' read ' fictile' fragments.
67, line 10 db imo, for 'Psitoriti,' read 'Psiloriti.' 92, last line, for ' 1820,' read ' 1821.' 149, after line 22, in the heading of the last column of the table, for cubic
' inches,' read ' miles.

218, line 2 db imo, Brewster's formula, insert x before cos. lat. 375, for Assistant-Surgeon ' Beg,' read ' Begg.'
396, No. XIV., for Port ' Cross,' read Port ' Cros.'

THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA,
PiART I. A CHOROGRAPHICAL VIEW OF THE SHORES OF THE
MEDITERRANEAN SEA, WITH ESPECIAL REFERENCE TO THEIR PRODUCE AND COMMERCE.
§ 1. The Mediterranean Shores of Spain.
THE Mediterranean Sea, equally remarkable from its position in the midst of the most civilized nations,
and its connexion with many memorable events in ancient
and modern history, is that vast central gulf emphatically
styled in the Sacred Scriptures the Great Sea ; justly
receiving that appellation, as being the largest assemblage
of waters known to the earliest writers of those records : and indeed its importance was truly paramount among the
ancients, as it was the grand key to both portions of the then
known world. By the word Mediterranean, or midland, we understand
water enclosed either wholly or nearly by land ; but the
term was not applied to this sea by any classical writer. The ancient Greeks seem to have had no general name for
it,—Herodotus merely calls it ' this sea/ and Strabo the
' sea within the columns/ that is, within Calpe and Abyla.
By their present descendants it is called Aspri Thalassa
("Ao-Trp Qakao<ra) the White Sea, to distinguish it from
the Euxine, which they call Mavri Thalassa (Maupw
QoiXouro-a) the Black Sea. It was gradually designated the
Grecian Sea, and then the Mare internum; while Mela
terms it mare nostrum. Though some of the Arabians
described it as the Green Sea, it was Bahr-Rum, the
B
Mediterra- nean Sea.
2 MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN.
Greek or Roman Sea, with most of them ; among our own
seamen it has long been specialized as the Straits. Geographically speaking, however, the term Mediterranean is now more strictly applied to the whole expanse between
the South of Europe, Asia Minor, and the north coast of Africa; extending from the Straits of Gibraltar to the
shores of Syria, including the Sea of Marmora, the Euxine,
and the Palus Maeotis. It is separated from the Red Sea
by the Isthmus of Suez ; from the Atlantic Ocean, though
their waters unite, by the Strait of Gibraltar, and communicates with the Black Sea by the Dardanelles and the
Canal of Constantinople.
The political and social events which have occurred on
the shores of this remarkable part of the ocean, are closely
connected with the history of almost every country in the
world ; but independently of its classical and historical associations, the Mediterranean still confers invaluable advantages upon the numerous occupiers of its coasts, and through
them on the interior of the surrounding continents. It is moreover the great bond of intercourse between the nations
of Europe, Asia, and Africa, although it appears as if it had
been destined to keep them asunder. Beautifully diversified with islands, and bounded by almost every variety of soil, its products are proportionally various ; and from its communication with the Atlantic, it facilitates commerce with
every part of the globe. Here navigation made its earliest
efforts ; and the comparative shortness of the distances between port and port, by rendering the transit easy, even
to imperfect vessels, tended to promote and diffuse civili- zation, it being an unquestionable axiom, that whatever
is calculated to make men better acquainted with each
other, whether the inhabitants of distant lands or neighbours, must inevitably produce beneficial results for the
whole. But though commerce is and has been both vast and various in this sea, its energies cannot be said to have
attained their full development, clogged as they have been
MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN. 3
by impolitic curbs and impositions ; nevertheless under numerous vexatious restrictions, direct employment and
subsistence are still afforded to many hundred thousands of those people who have access to its shores. Our ancestors had acquired some acquaintance with Medieval Mediterranean traffic as early as the time of the Crusades

but like all other nations of Europe at that period, they were
ignorant of the principles of commerce, as well as destitute of the capital by which it is made steady and lucrative. In the 12th year of Henry VII. (1497), as shown by an act of Parliament, our goods were exported to Genoa and
Venice, yet they seem to have been carried entirely by
foreign ships and traders ; the argosies of Shakspeare being
Ragusan vessels. According to Hakluyt, our first trade of moment with this sea, in English bottoms, began in 1511,
just before the Turks obtained possession of Chios, to which port our vessels traded, and where, two years after- wards, a consul* was appointed to superintend our interests. The year 1550 found the tall ships of our merchant adventurers carrying on a commerce with Sicily, Candia, Cyprus,
and Syria; by which the germs of the Levant Company
were matured.
Sailing from England, the first Mediterranean feature Spain, the voyager falls in with is Spain (Iberia), a country of proud recollections and interesting story. But the political events of the last half century have severed her colonies,
destroyed her fleets, and irretrievably damaged her commerce. Still her national character for persevering effort in warfare is remarkable, whether shown in her struggles, as with the Saracens and in the succession campaigns, or in the
arduous contentions which have taken place on her own soil, as those between Rome and Carthage, or those in which she took
part when overrun by the armies of France, and occupied by
her English allies. Yet her formidable barrier on the north,
* It is therefore erroneous to call John Tipton, who was appointed to Algiers in 1581, the first English Mediterranean consul. B 2
4 MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN.
her being posited as it were between Europe and Africa, andher station between two seas, would show that nature intended that Spain should remain integral, extend commerce, andfacilitate intercourse with other nations. Still the enormouschains of mountains which traverse the peninsula, and a wantof navigable rivers, added to a host of moral causes, have been
serious obstacles to her prosperity. Spain indeed, as Wilson
shows in his History of Mountains, may be considered to be
composed of a series of elevation-terraces, which, projecting
successively their rugged edges towards the south, present a flight of gigantic steps from the Pyrenees to the Strait of Gibraltar, and from the Rock of Lisbon on the Atlantic shore to Cape Creux on the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar. The northern shores of the Strait of Gibraltar, after passing Cadiz (Gadir) and Cape Trafalgar,* are marked
by the isle of Tarifa—the southernmost point of Europe
and the fortified rock of Gibraltar (Calpe), which is a vast body of limestone of the oolitic period, elevated 1430 feet above the level of the sea, with a handsome free-port town
at its base. This peninsular mass—about two miles and a
quarter long by nearly three quarters of a mile broad, with a circuit of between four and five miles—is joined to the
continent by a low sandy neck, which towards the Mediterranean has an elevation of several feet above its opposite
side abutting on the bay, an effect occasioned by the strong
Levant winds and waves along what is termed Back-strap
Bay. Here a fair system of government, full toleration in worship, and the prosperous results of an open free port,
together with the energy and taste of its English residents,
have made an otherwise barren and burning rock a scene
of commercial activity and luxurious abode; but as such
minute circumstances are hardly admissible in so cursory a
glance as this, we must hurry onwards, especially because the
* Between Cape Trafalgar and Tarifa, and near Bolonia tower, are the
ruins of Bcdon; this was the ancient place of embarkation for Tangier
(Tingis), in Africa, apparently to avoid being set through the Strait by the
current, which might happen more to the east.
MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN. 5
statistical details of Gibraltar, as a British colony, will be
found at the close of the present chapter. To the south,
this important ocean-strait is bounded by that part of the
coast of Africa which extends from Cape Spartel to the
fortress of Ceuta; and between those two points lie the
port of Tangier and the lofty cliffs of the Sierra Bullones,
or Ape's Hill. Here it is fabled that Hercules set up the
pillars on Calpe and Abyla, to commemorate the extent and termination of his territorial conquests ; hence the
geographical terms Fretum Herculeum, Fretum Gaditaneum, and Columnarium, formerly applied to a spot
which was long deemed to be the ne plus ultra of navigation, if not the extremity of the earth. It was called Bah-ez-zakak, the Gate of the narrow Passage, by the
Arabs, then the Gut by our seamen and pilots. Through
this strait a stream from the Atlantic is continually flowing

but before we speak of the waters of this sea, it will be as well to take a rapid view of the lands forming its boundaries.
The Mediterranean shores of Spain extend about 780 Spanish
. . ., Coast. geographical miles in a north-east direction from Gibraltar
to Cape Creux, where the French domain commences, and
present a great variety of plains and mountains bounded
by a highly fertile though not well-wooded coast, indented by numerous harbours and bays. Some of the mountains in Catalonia consist of granite, but the prevailing formation of the coast is limestone. In Granada, among other mineral
riches, are many valuable varieties of marble ; at Tortosa
are the celebrated quarries of jasper; and the hills of Becares and Filabres, near Alicant, are reported to be
entirely composed of a pure white statuary marble. Most
of the streams descending from the heights are rather
torrents than rivers, swollen to a great width in the winter
and spring, yet very low in the summer. Their mouths
generally form petty trading anchorages for the small
coasters which carry for the larger and more frequented
ports. The principal products are corn, maize, rice, wine, produce.
6 MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN.
oil, brandy, olives, wool, salt, alum, kermes, barilla, potash,
esparto mats and cordage, turpentine, soap, dates, raisins and other dried fruit, aniseed, flax, saffron, honey, wool,
cottonades, cotton, linen, silk, iron, lead, zinc, antimony,
manganese, copperas, and grana—a species of cochineal. Though the materials for commerce are thus numerous and valuable, from the mistaken system of restriction so long followed by the Spanish government, the prosperity of
its subjects is not only crippled, but almost annihilated.
Entering into details, there will be found between Gibraltar
and Malaga a chain of lofty mountains, parts of which, as near Ronda (Acinipo vel Arunda), for example, offer the
scenery termed by the French les belles horreurs; the country
is fine, but with various waste and barren spots, nor are there
many littoral points of note. Estepona and Marbella (Salduba), are two of the loading places for the coasters alluded
to above, and Frangerola, a very ancient fortress, is noted for
Malaga. its anchovy fishery. Malaga (Malacha) itself is a fine large
city, with striking public buildings ; but its harbour is rapidly
filling up by the detritus poured in during the freshes of
the Guad-al-Medina. Between Sacratif, or Carchuna Point,
and Cape de Gata, and even to Moxacar, the coast is in general very high, the only interruptions being at the
mouths of the small rivers, where are formed playas, or
triangular plains, from one to several miles in extent, open
to the sea, and extending to the foot of the mountains, the
washings of which have formed the rich alluvial soil generally found in these plains.
rorts and Passing the loading places of Almunecar (Menoba), Salapiaces. brena (Salembina), Motril (Hexi), Castel de Ferro, and Adra
(Abdera) we arrive at Almeria (Murgis), once renowned
for commercial enterprise, but now merely exporting some
barilla and lead. To the north-north-east of Cape de Gata
(Prom. Charidemum) is Carthagena (Carthago nova),
which, though one of the three royal ports of the kingdom, is Carthagena. miserably neglected, and its marine arsenal, constructed at
MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN. 7 a vast expense, is nearly ruined. This is a consequence of the inertness of the government, the apathetic dulness of the heavy Murcians, and the deleterious miasma of its marshes, by which it is subjected to the severe visitations of an endemic bilious fever. The whole district was called Campus Spartarius, from the abundance of esparto, or Spanish-broom, which grew there. Between Carthagena
and Valencia the coast is generally low and sandy, but
broken by various loading places and ports, of which the
most important is Alicant (Lucentum), a commercial town
situated in the northern extremity of the bay, and at the
foot of a castled hill. Its vale of Huerta is fertile but un- Alicant. wholesome ; few of its cultivators escaping fever or ague, not a little assisted by the waters of the vast tank, or rather
artificial lake, el Pantano. It is, however, the entrepot of the productions of Yalencia and Murcia, and its custom- house was long the most valuable that the Spanish monarchy
could boast. Passing Altea, the coves of Cape S. Martin,
Denia (Dianium), and the River Xucar (Sucro), we arrive at the great plain on which the city of Yalencia stands, the
finest of the whole coast, and so fertile that it is called La Huerta, the garden;* but there is no port in the whole Valencia. Sucronian Gulf where any shelter is afforded in onshore
winds, except within the moles of the Grao, at the mouth of the Guadalaviar (Turias), nearly three leagues off. Just below these moles is the great lake of Albufera, four leagues
long and two broad, full of fish, and separated from the
sea by a narrow sandbank. Pestilential exhalations arise from many parts of this otherwise beautiful and productive
plain, but especially in the extensive rice-grounds. Yalencia,
which has borne its present appellation since the time of the Romans, is one of the smallest provinces of Spain,
It is necessary to keep in mind that a slight difference in this phrase makes a great modification of its meaning. La Huerta is a kitchen or market-garden, for the growth of vegetables and pot-herbs ; El Huerta is a walled fruit-garden, or orchard. Quantities of dates, and etiolated palmbranches for festivals, are brought from Elche (llicu).
8 MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN.
though one of the richest and most populous, from the
fertility of its soil; but even here—from the languid system
of husbandry, the extent of waste lands, the want of easy
communication with the interior, and the irregularities of a
feeble government—there is no immediate danger of population pressing upon subsistence. In comparison with the
other Spanish provinces of the Mediterranean shore, its numbers are very striking; yet in submitting them it should be remembered that by Andalusia is meant what is now restricted to the kingdom of Seville ; for in the Middle
Age statistics that rich and powerful province included
Seville, Cordova, Granada, Jaen, and the districts of Sierra
Morena, an extent of 27,550 square miles, comprehending
a space so beautiful and delicious, that the Moors fancifully
imagined heaven to be suspended over it. These are the
figures for 1810 :

Total No. to a Leagues of
inhabitants. square league. Sea Coast. Andalusia . . . . 755,000 ... 1009 . . 20 Granada . . . . 700,000 860 . . 57 Murcia . . . . . 383,226 582 . . 22
Valencia . . . . 830,000 ... 1285 . . 69
Catalonia . . . . 859,000 856 .. 67 Mumedro. Murviedro (Mutos viejos) is more remarkable for the
beauty of its prospects, its Moorish walls, and its being the
site of the ancient Saguntum, than for the trade which is now carried on ; its exports being, as well as those of its neighbours Benicarlo and Yinaroz, a small quantity of wine
and brandy. Much benefit was expected from these places
when the attention of government was drawn to the
capacity of the mouth of the Ebro, in 1792; but, as with
most of the works and projects of that day, the attempt was
abortive, owing both to deficient means, and the prevalent
dogma that had Providence intended such things, they would
Kiver Ebro. have been so ordered. The Ebro (Iberus), the largest river in Spain, rising in the heights of the Asturias, and pursuing
its course in an easterly direction between the Pyrenees and
one of their secondary branches, passes Tortosa (Dertosa),
MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN. 9
and enters the Mediterranean from the shore which we have now reached, after flowing nearly 400 miles. As this river had
accumulated two marshy peninsulas and several sandy islets at its mouth, an attempt was made to improve the port of Alfaques, formed by a peninsula, by building the town of Aifaques. San Carlos, and cutting a canal to Tortosa, to carry large
vessels to a point which the velocity of the stream precludes
their reaching by the river during great part of the year. This spot, and the adjacent low grounds, are severely
scourged after the summer months by el fiebre periodico,
arising from the bad air exhalations. Between the Ebro and Barcelona are numerous small
towns, with coves where vessels take in cargoes ; but the
principal place is Tarragona (Tarracd), still surrounded by Tarragona, ancient Roman walls : this place gained a melancholy notoriety in the late war with France, from the slaughter of its inhabitants by Marshal Suchet. Barcelona (Barcino), lying Barcelona, in rather too moist a situation between the rivers Llobregat
(Rubricatus), and Besos, is the capital of Catalonia, and
boasting 160,000 inhabitants, is the second city of Spain in population and commerce. It is well built, and possesses manufactories of silk, gauze, lace, cotton, canvas, leather, Produce, woollens, cutlery, paper, fire-arms, soap, and glass, which
together with wine, spirits, cork, and fruit, form the great
articles of export. The port is made by art, having little depth, and that depth is daily diminishing by the sand
thrown up during easterly gales, the mole preventing any
offset ; while the anchorage in the roads is exposed to all sea-winds. The coasts of Valencia and Catalonia have Changes of
Coast. gained considerably on the sea, from the incessant agency
of the Ebro, the Llobregat, the smaller streams, and the numerous torrents, which deposit vast quantities of silt, and
form lines of shoals parallel to the shores, lessening the
general depth of water for some distance out. From Barcelona to the north-eastwards, the shore
presents a quick succession of small towns and villages, pos-
10 MEDITERRANEAN SHORES OF SPAIN.
Mataro.
Palamos.
sessing little trading coves, and remarkable for pleasant
situations and cleanliness. Among these, the place of most
consideration is Mataro (Illuro), which has 25,000 inhabitants, various manufactories, and a thriving trade. But from
Mataro to the frontiers of France, we scarcely meet anytown deserving of notice, though the country continues fine,
and there are many neatly built places of traffic. The roads
of Palamos and Kosas are good and extensive ; and as the
worst wind, the tramontanes, comes from the land, it never
occasions serious mischief. The comparatively little fortress of Santa Trinita, which governs the town and anchorages of
Rosas, has more than once made a resolute defence against
assailants. Its capture was a difficult exploit to the French*
when Figueras, the boasted Bulwark of Catalonia, though
full of ammunition and provisions of all kinds, with a garrison of 9000 men, disgracefully fell before General Perignon,
in 1794, and with it the important district of Ampurdan, of which Port Ampurias (Emjporiw) is the capital. BeyondRosas, there is a rocky peninsula or head-land, of which the
chief projecting points are the Capes Norfeo and Creux. From this, the most eastern part of Spain, the Pyrenees,
stretching westward in a straight line of 270 miles, form a
strong natural barrier between the French and Spanish territories : while from the sea their lofty summits produce a
continually varying series of striking objects. Alpine limestone, old red sand-stone, and transition rocks, reposing on
mica, slate, or granite, are the principal constituents of these mountains.
Balearae.
§ 2. The Spanish Islands.
rpHE ^Balearic Islands, comprehending Majorca, and
-- Minorca, with Cabrera, Ayre, and several smaller islets, lie off the coast of Valencia, and hence that part of the
Mediterranean was formerly called the Iberian Sea. Some
SPANISH ISLANDS. 11
recent legislative enactments have included Iviza and its dependencies among the Baleares; but the geographical
distinction is warranted by Strabo, who distinguishes the
two groups under the names Gymnesice and Pityusce. Pityusae. Yet it is possible, that the Cretan geographer meant to in- clude both Pityusae and Gymnesiae under the generic name
of Balearides, his words being ' of the isles lying in front of Iberia (we find or have) two Pityusae and two Gymnesiae,
but they call them Balearides/ Whether he means all four
or only the two last, is not clear. However, from what
Diodorus Siculus and Pliny say, it is probable that he meant
to give the name of Balearides only to the Gymnesiae
Considering that this last group possesses but about 275
miles of coast, and the Pityusae only 73, they are densely
populated, the numbers standing thus in 1810 :

Total No. to a
inhabitants. square league. Majorca 140,700 ... 1256 Minorca 31,000 ... 1257
Iviza and Formentara . 15,290 ... 1019 Majorca, the larger island, is nearly square in shape, Majorca, with a mountainous surface, and generally rocky coast, with
deep water around : hence its aspect is varied, with a
delicious climate, insomuch that an almost vernal temperature is to be found on the higher grounds in the greatest
heat of the summer, and except on the mountainous ridges,
the winters are mild and pleasant. There are no rivers,
properly speaking; but the arroyos—streams or rather
torrents—are often impetuous during rains, and the Bierra,
the largest of them, has frequently occasioned great damage
and loss of life in the vicinity of Palma, the capital of the
island, and still preserving its ancient name. This is a fine town, with a haven and good road-stead ; but though in the
thirteenth century one of the chief markets of Europe, it has now comparatively but little commerce. The other
principal resorts for shipping are Alcudia and Pollenza
(Pollentia), both of which are extremely unhealthy in
12 SPANISH ISLANDS.
autumn ; and the chief exports are wine, oil, salt, canvas,
silk, coarse linens, and woollens, dried fruits, honey, millstones, limestone, and marble.
Minorca. Minorca is smaller than Majorca, as implied by the names (major et minor insula) ; and it is more level, its only remarkable elevation being a central hill, Mount Toro,
with a convent on its summit. Besides the Creek of Ciudadella—the capital, Port Fornelles, and several resorts of minor consideration, this island possesses the capacious
harbour of Port Mahon (Portus Magonis), one of the finest and most commodious places for shipping in this sea, and,
save occasional summer visitations of marsh fever, one of the
most healthy. Here, during the late war, have I seen a potent
and magnificent fleet of English men-of-war wintering from
before Toulon, each ship in a roomy berth ; although there were no fewer than six large three-deckers, and twenty-five
two-deckers, besides numerous frigates, sloops, and brigs, in the highest state of efficiency. It was a glorious sight
!
Pityusaj. In mid-distance from Majorca to Cape San Martino of Valencia, lie the Pityusse islands, a classical name, supposed
to have been derived from the pine trees with which the
larger one was covered. • This denomination comprehendsIviza, Formentera, Conejera, Bledas, and various smaller
islets and rocks. Iviza, the Ebusus of the ancients, is hilly
and stony in many parts, but in others very fertile, pro- ducing corn, oil, wine, and fruits of many kinds ; and the
mountains are well wooded with pines, firs, and junipers.
There are several ports affording good anchorage to moderate-sized vessels ; but the best is before the town of Iviza,
the capital, where much salt and timber are embarked.
Coium- Between the Balearic Islands and the coast of Valencia,
at about the distance of ten leagues from the latter, lie the Columbretes (Colubraria), a group of volcanic rocks, which,
for the reasons I have given in the first volume of the
Journal of the Royal Geographical Society, I cannot but
deem to have been the Ophiusa of the earlier ancients.
bretes.
MEDITERRANEAN COAST OF FRANCE. 13
The harbour on the east side of the largest islet, is evidently
the mere broken mouth of an ancient crater. Finding that they were unknown in detail, in order to distinguish the
several rocks, I named them after the most scientific officers in the Spanish navy, as they now appear on the plan published by the Admiralty.
§ 3. The Mediterranean Coast of France.
FROM the Mediterranean shores of France, as well as of Changes of
. Coast. Spain, the sea has retired in several places, and gained
upon none. Indeed, in no other closed sea, are there so many
well ascertained accessions of land at the mouth of large rivers. Thus Aigues Mortes, which in the thirteenth century was a
sea-port, is now five miles inland ; Miquelon and Psalmody
wereislands in the year 815, and in 1820 theywere two leagues
from the sea ; and even some of the present vineyards of Agde,
were covered by the sea only a century ago. By the advance
of the land upon the sea, owing to the alluvium of the
Argeus, the ancient port of Frejus was converted into a pestilential marsh, and at a later period into terra firma, half a
mile from the sea. But the greatest accession of new land
is that which forms the delta between the two mouths of the
River Rhone, where old lines of guard-towers and sea-marks
occur at different distances from the present beach, and
indicate the successive retreats of the sea in comparatively
recent times. Between Cape Creux and the River Yar, a space of France, about 300 miles, the Mediterranean is bounded by the
southern shores of France—a mighty state, whether empire,
kingdom, or republic—shores which I have visited both in war and in peace. On passing the Cape, the coast of the
Department of the Eastern Pyrenees continues mountainous
and rocky ; then succeed the low and marshy flats of the
14 MEDITERRANEAN COAST OP FRANCE.
rivers Aude and Herault, in which are many extensive
etangs or salt lagoons communicating with the sea, the
principal ones being those of Leucate (Leucata), Sijean,
Gruisson, and Thau, which are intersected by a navigable
canal. Coast-ways, after leaving Spain, the first town of
Port France is- that which gives a name to the insignificant Port Vendre (Portus Veneris), and the second is its congener
Callioure. A low coast and bad lee-shore, as well as aninsalubrious one, extend along the front of the ponds, to which the principal inlet is the port of Narbonne (NarboMartins), once a flourishing maritime place, now ten miles
inland. East-north-east of this, the fort of Brescou, on aninsulated rock, announces the approach to the ancient townCette. of Agde {Agatha), formerly the capital of a county. Cette
(Setius), was built on a narrow tongue of land which separates the pool of Thau from the sea, its haven being the principal outlet of the great Canal of Languedoc in 1666 : it has
Montpeiiier. also become the port of the adjacent city of Montpellier (MonsPessulanus vel Puellarum), so celebrated for its excellent
climate, and its school of medicine. Here they embark the
wines of Lunel and Frontignan ; the perfumery, preserves,
liqueurs, wines, calicos, woollens, snuff, soap, cream of tartar,
vitriol, and verdigris of Montpellier ; and the salt, as also tunnies, sardines, anchovies, and other fish of the neighbourRhone, hood. Beyond this, the mouths of the Rhone (Rhodanus)
form a number of islands, a great part of which are nearly
level with the sea. The largest of them, named Camargue,
has nearly the shape of a Delta, with the city of Aries
(Arelate), at its apex : but it is properly a mere assemblage
of little marshy islets and sand-banks accumulated along the
former seashore, with the great brackish lagoon of Yalcares
occupying the centre. Between this and Port de Bouc, is La crau. the singular stony desert called La Crau (Campus Lapideus),
a space of more than 150,000 acres, entirely covered with
boulders and rolled shingle. This name is not to be con- founded with Les Graus du Rhone (Gradus Rhodoni), a
MEDITERRANEAN COAST OF FRANCE. 15
designation of the mouths of the river ; this word, * Graus/
seems to have meant a landing place at such locality, as with the Grao of Spain, and the Grado of Italy.
The principal mouth of the Rhone is its eastern branch, Guifof Foz. or that which flows into the Gulf of Foz, where, during
freshes, it disembogues with such force and rapidity, as to carry its own waters far into the sea. This was practically
proved by the watering of Sir Edward Pellew's fleet in the
late war, when his ships anchored in the offing south-east of the Tour de St. Louis, and skimmed as much potable water
as there was occasion for : at three quarters of a mile from
the shore, the fresh run was about three feet deep, and it was taken during the morning lulls. Between the Gulf of Foz and the River Var, the
Comte de Provence of former days, the coast is undulatory, and indented with numerous ports, coves, and bays,
where vessels of all descriptions may find a berth. Of these,
Martigues (Maritima) at the entrance of an extensive Martigues. lagoon communicating with the sea, often called Vetang de
Berre, is of importance from furnishing both fish and salt for commerce. Marseilles (Massilia) is a maritime city of Marseilles. the first class, having upwards of 120,000 inhabitants, and
maintaining a commercial activity second to none in France

the approach to its secure haven is marked by the rocky
isles of Planier, Ratoneau, and Pomegue. Eastwards of
Marseilles, the towns of Cassis and Ciotat are resorted
to by coasting traders, and the muscat wines of this depart . ment are largely exported. Passing these, and rounding
that well-known headland Cape Sicie,* we enter the harbour
of Toulon (Telo Martins) the second naval port of France, Toulon, so celebrated for its arsenal and fortifications; but the
business of the place, independently of the government
establishments, is not very great. Flour, wine, brandy, oil,
* I say well-known, because it was in the sight of our officers and sea- men of the blockading fleet for months together. I had a tolerable spell of
it myself in 1811 and 1812.
16 MEDITERRANEAN COAST OF FRANCE.
olives, dried fruits, tobacco, and other productions of the
neighbourhood, besides soap, coarse woollens, cordage,
morocco-leather, chocolate, vermicelli, and other manufactures, are the principal articles of commerce ; and somemerchant vessels are built at this place.
From Toulon eastward, we enter the great bay or road of
iiy&res. Hyeres, all the projecting points of which are strongly
fortified ; lying within the Porquerolles (Stcechades) islands,
and having the beautiful town of Hyeres (Olbia vel Arece)
and its ever-fruitful gardens on an adjacent eminence.It should be remarked, en passant, that this is said to be theonly place in Europe north of Italy, where the orangeflourishes without artificial shelter in winter. The wholeof this expanse of water forms a superb anchorage for anynumber of ships; and in August, 1811, the English block- ading fleet, though fired at in passing, took up a berth
there out of gun-shot. A French division consisting of three first-rates and ten two-deckers, came out of Toulon onthe following day ; but on the speedy appearance of some of our fleet, one of which was the Rodney, of seventy-four guns, (the ship in which I was then serving,) they retreated
to their moorings, and we returned to the Bay of Hyeres,
where we remained for three weeks at single anchor. During this time the topsail yards were swayed to the mast- heads every evening, strong divisions of guard-boats properly
stationed, with every possible preparation for any suddenemergency. Such was the contrast afforded to this scene when I last sailed among those islands in the Adventure,that scarcely a vessel was to be seen; and I passed with
perfect impunity close to the point of Porquerolles, where I had formerly seen those noble first-rates the Caledonia,
Ville de Paris, Temeraire, and Hibernia, receive and return a heavy cannonade, while they drifted past under a light
morning air
!
The coast from Hyeres Bay to the Italian boundaryis more or less elevated ; and has many bays, coves, and
COAST OF WESTEEN ITALY. 17
indentations between the rocky headlands, as those of St. Coast Tropez or Grimaud (Aihenapolis), Frejus (ForumJulii), Napoule or Cannes, Gourjean, and Antibes (Antipolis) ; which
are improperlytermed gulfs by the native pilots and mariners.
From Antibes a low sandy beach turns to the north-eastward,
where, and at the distance of about two leagues, is the mouth
of the river Var (Varus), which separates France from Savoy, The var. the boundary being marked by a toll-house in the middle
of the floating bridge across the stream. This turbid river,
which rises in the ramifications of the Alps, between
Barcelonette and Colmars, has a course of about twenty-five
leagues to the sea, where its bed is above a mile in breadth.
It runs so rapidly during freshes from the mountains
or the melting of snows as to prevent the erection of a permanent bridge ; at such times, the floods of the Var,
freighted with silt, discolour the sea-waters to a consider- able distance from the shore.
§ 4. The Coast of Western Italy.
T? XCEPT illustrious Greece, the classical region of Italy Italy. --^ (Hesperia) is more calculated to awaken enthusiasm
and contemplation than any other on earth; for to that most interesting and beautiful country, the rest of Europe is largely indebted for the practice of various branches of polity,
science, art, and rural economy. Italy, like the expiring
eagle, has been sorely wounded by arrows feathered from
her own wing, and has long since descended from her high
estate ; but though morally degenerate, she still boasts all those physical advantages which raised her to a world-wide
distinction. What a potent arm of power and civilization she might still exert, were not all the several states at utter enmity with each other, so that she could not become an inte- gral kingdom, nor scarcely a federative republic ! Although
C
18 COAST OF WESTERN ITALY.
inhabitants of a soil where climate, religion, language, manners, and customs are all in substance nearly uniform,
however varied in community and government, there is nobond of common national feeling ; all being alike in one
quality only, that capacity of indulging hatred of one another which feeds implacable factions, and engenders distrust and disunion. I have lately been assured that the population has rapidly increased, and now amounts to upwardsof twenty-five millions, an assertion for which proof is not
given. The numbers furnished by my friend and colleague,
General Visconti, for the year 1820, are founded on a
census taken by order of Napoleon about the year 1810.
Square d^„i„+:„„ To the
Miles. Population. squaremii e „ Naples and Sicily . . Kingdom of Sardinia Lombardy and Venice*
.
Ecclesiastical State . . Grand Duchy of Tuscany
Duchy of Parma . . . States of Modena . . . Duchy of Lucca . . . Republic of San Marino
43,600 ... 6,750,000 ... 162
27,400 ... 3,976,000 ... 146
18,920 ... 4,054,600 ... 212
14,500 ... 2,350,000 ... 168
8,500 ... 1,182,900 ... 140
2,280 ... 377,000 ... 121
2,060 ... 370,000 ... 190 420 ... 138,000 ... 328 40 ... 7,000 ... 175
Gulf of Arriving at the coasts of what was anciently termedLiguria, the space between the Yar and Genoa is known as the Riviera di Ponente (Western beach) ; and that fromGenoa to Spezzia as the Riviera di Levante (Eastern beach) ; in both cases with relation to Genoa as a centre. Thewhole consists of rocky precipices flanking lofty mountains,
intersected by fruitful valleys, and varied with a succession of picturesque towns and villages through a length of about175 miles. There is a considerable coasting-trade along the
shores of the Gulf of Genoa, the produce being oil, rice, fruit, hemp, silk, velvet, anchovies, and palm-branches, withwhich last articles, San Remo has the exclusive privilege of supplying Rome for its religious festivals.
* By a census taken in 1825, the population of Austrian Italy had
increased to 4,237,000; of whom 500 were Armenians, 700 Greeks, 5600
Jews, 66,500 Germans, and 4,163,700 Italians.
COAST OF WESTERN ITALY. 19
Nizza, or Nice (Niccea), the first maritime town on the Nice. Riviera di Ponente, with its commodious little artificial port, is agreeably placed on the banks of the Paglion, a mountain torrent, at the foot of Mont Albano, the citadel of which protects both Nice and the capacious harbour
of Villa Franca on the east. The whole of this neighbour- Vi^anca hood indicates that great geological changes have occurred, not only in the position of rocks and strata, but even in the
relative height of land and water. The hollows and fissures in Geological ° changes. the rock nowabovewater are frequently found to contain shells similar to those which now exist in the Mediterranean ; and
strong marks of upheaving were pointed out to me by that
obliging local naturalist, Dr. Risso. Between Nizza and Coast towns Ventimiglia (Albium Intemelium), lies the little principality of Monaco (Portus Herculis Monceci), and further eastward are the considerable trading towns of San Remo,
Port Maurizio (Portum Maurici), Oneglia, Alassio, Albenga (Albium Ingawnum), Finale, Noli, Vado (Vada
Sabata), and Savona (Savo) ; which last, beautifully situated, Savona. strongly fortified, and commanding as well the waters as the Cornice, or great road of the Riviera, has been absurdly
and unwisely sacrificed to the commercial jealousy of Genoa, to please whose prejudices the harbour, which
was roomy and good, was partly choked up in 1525. Notwithstanding this and other injuries it carries on a considerable trade, the port being still very secure, though
fit only for vessels of about two hundred tons. In the
beautiful ravines and valleys of this space both intermittent
and remittent fevers are occasioned by the summer exhalations ; and it will be recollected that Napoleon, who must
have had early knowledge of malaria at Ajaccio, was
charged with having sent Pius VII. to Savona, that he
might fall a victim to the marsh miasmata.
Genoa (Genua), one of the handsomest cities in Europe, Genoa.
is built on the declivity of a hill flanking the Ligurian
Apennines, in the deepest recess of the wide gulf which
c 2
20 COAST OF WESTERN ITALY.
forms a crescent from the frontiers of France to those of Tuscany. Its port, fatto per for'za as the Italians term it, is formed by two moles, sixteen or eighteen feet above the
level of the water, the heads of which are about three hundred fathoms asunder. This people have been well knownfor ages, as essentially commercial, and although its fleets are no longer the terror of the Levant, its tendency to maritime superiority is still manifest, its ships, though few,
being in excellent order, and its sailors among the best of
Italy. Even in its palmy days, although the governmentwas highly aristocratic, the nobility of Genoa were allowed
to be engaged in manufactories of velvet, silk, and cloth ; to farm the duties ; to speculate in foreign commerce, and to hold shares in merchant vessels ; but all other business andhandicrafts were strictly forbidden. To the east of Genoa, along the populous shores of the Riviera di Levante, the succession of towns and villages
is almost as quick as to the west. Running past Bisagno
and Nervi, the first place of consideration in a nautical
Porto Fino. point of view is Porto Fino {Portus Delphini), a cove with
a small pier-haven between two lofty promontories, whichform conspicuous guides for the coasting voyager. Rapallo,
Lavagna (JSntella)—where the only quarry of slate in Italy
is worked—Chiavari, Sestri di Levante (Segeste), Moneglia(Monilium), and various sea-side villages, lead to Porto
Gulf of - Yenere and the capacious Gulf of Spezsia (Portus Lwwnsis),which latter has good soundings throughout, and is one of the finest and safest bays in the Mediterranean. The importance of this place being represented to Napoleon, hewas led to contemplate making it one of his great naval
stations; and the plans consequently drawn up by his engineers being obtained by Lord William Bentinck, at the
surrender of Genoa in the year 1814, his lordship, to whomI acted as naval aide-de-camp, kindly submitted them to my examination.
Although the independent states of Massa and Lucca
COAST OF WESTERN ITALY. 21
are considered as forming the eastern boundary of the
duchy of Genoa, it must geographically be said that Spezzia
is succeeded by the coast of Tuscany ; and indeed it was Tuscany, formerly held to be the limit of Liguria to the south. Passing,
therefore, the Magra (Macro), a mountain-stream which
enters the sea at the Marinella of Luni (Lunce Portus),
and running by Pietra Santa (Lucus Feronice), Via-Heggio
(Fossae Papiriance), and the mouth of the Arno (Portus
Pisanus), we arrive at Leghorn—the mouth of Tuscany, Leghorn. and one of the busiest ports of Italy. The prosperity of the
place is owing to the sound judgment which prompted the
establishment of a free port with full religious toleration and liberal immunities. Boasting no splendour of antiquity,
although the site of Portus Herculis Liburni, it became
a place of importance on the fall of the neighbouring Porto
Pisano, which succumbed to the joint operations of the
Arno, the sea, and the Genoese, in filling and choking it. By careful drainage the malaria around it has been greatly
diminished, but still the climate is so damp as to justify the
proverb

Pisa pesa a chi posa. Leghorn suffered greatly
under the rule of Napoleon ; but it is now a prosperous Porto-Franco again, supplying a large part of the interior with foreign goods, and exporting coarse woollens, cotton,
silk, maize, oil, iron, paper, potash, marble, alabaster, coral,
anchovies, platted straw for hats and bonnets, and artificial flowers. The fishery of anchovies is very productive. This
fish enters the Mediterranean in large shoals by the Strait of Gibraltar in the spring, for the purpose of breeding, after which it retires again to the depths of the Atlantic. From Leghorn the coast of Tuscany extends south-east- wards as far as the bold promontory formed by Mount
Argentero ; and there are various loading-places between, small porta. as Vada (Vada Volaterrana), Cecina, Porto Baratto (Populonium), Piombino, Fullonica—where there are the principal smelting bloomeries or works of the iron from Elba

Castiglione, Telamone (Portus Telamo), Port San Stefano,
22 COAST OF WESTERN ITALY.
and Orbitello, in the middle of the lake of that name, theeels of which are equally celebrated and profitable. Theseplaces are on the margin of the sea-side marshes, known as
Maremme. the Maremme, -unwholesome lowlands, diffusing with moreor less virulence their pestilential exhalations along thewhole west coast of Italy. Those of Tuscany, throughdrainage and tillage, have been of late greatly improved,but continue to be very deadly in summer. Of the portion now before us, the river Ombrone {Umbro) and its affluents form a principal drain, if such a term can properly be usedin speaking of the Tuscan maremme and paludi, thepestiferous exhalations of which furnished Dante with his disgusting parallel of the tenth gulf in hell.* In theheights around, most of the women have been married twoor three times, because only the men leave their houses to labour in the marshes, where they are tempted by fatigue
sometimes to sleep, though at the risk of illness and death.
Changes of The sea has retreated from Telamone, and left a merecoast. morass; while Domitian's Port, under the northern cliffs of Monte Argentero (Mons Argentarius), is submerged.The coast of Tuscany, from Carrara to this port, may beestimated at about 140 geographical miles. The Tuscan islands lying opposite to this coast are, Gorgona (Urgo), Capraja (JSgilori), Elba, Giglio (Igilium),
Pianosa (Planasia), Monte Christo (Oglasa), and someElba. smaller islets. Of these, Elba (JUthalia sive Ilva) meritsa distinct mention on account of its excellent harbours andbays, abundance of iron and other mineral productions,
its picturesque beauty of scenery, and its having beenallotted by the Congress of Vienna as a Barataria for the
* Dante, in Canto xxix. of the Inferno, visits the decima oolgia—
Qual dolor fora, se degli spedali Di Val-di-chiana, tra '1 luglio e '1 settembre, E di Maremma, e di Sardegna i niali Fossero in una fossa tutti insembre
;
Tal era quivi ; e tal puzzo n' usciva, Qual suol venir dalle marcite membre.
COAST OF WESTERN ITALY. 23
fallen Napoleon. Elba itself is somewhat less than fifty
miles in circuit, and the islets immediately adjacent are its dependencies.
Rounding Argentaro to the southward, the first Roman Roman town is at Port Ercole (Portus Cossanus sive Herculis) ; between which and Terracina, a space of 150 miles, lies the
west coast of the Papal States, for the most part an open
and exposed beach on which the sea-winds drive a heavy
surf. The shore consists principally of low unhealthy flats, interrupted at certain points by a bolder and better country.
Nearly in the mid-distance of this space, the celebrated
river Tiber discharges its waters by two principal branches Tiber. through its marshy delta still called Isola Sagra (Insula
Sacra) ; off which there is good anchorage within sight of St. Peter's lofty cross. The scantiness of the Mediterranean tides renders the estuaries of its rivers nearly
useless for the purposes of navigation and commerce ; a
great and lasting disadvantage to these countries, especially as most of the streams have a rapid descent: and that aid
which causes the current to turn, and bear the laden ship to the busy mart, is here wanting. My schooner-rigged barge,
riding in the middle of the river opposite the Dogana—with
its ensign and pendant, its morning and evening gun, and
its well-disciplined crew—was an object of great admiration
to the Romans of all ranks and conditions. Though trading
vessels resort to Fiumicino, the southern mouth of the
Tiber, and to various other little ports in this territory, the
main harbour of the States of the Church on this side
is Civita Vecchia (Centum-cellce sive Trajani Portus), civita
"VgccIik a town fortified by that universal genius, Michael Angelo

and possessing fine specimens of Trajan's marine works.*
* Besides the havens of Centum-celhe, Portus Trajanus in Etruria, and
Ancona, I am inclined from examination to think that Trajan greatly enlarged and improved the work of Claudius, at the Port of Ostia : wherein
I agree with the Scholiast of Juvenal, in his commentary on the passage where that poet describes the narrow escape of his friend Catullus from
shipwreck.
24 COAST OF WESTERN ITALY.
But between the Tiber and Terracina (Anxur), especially near Porto d'Anzo (Ceno Portus) and Nettuno (Antium)
are ruins of piscinae, baths, and villas of the old Romans,
among which is Astura, so long the residence of Cicero, and
still retaining its name, now submerged in the sea, which
thus proves its encroachment on this part of the coast. It
will be recollected that this same space is the margin of the
pontine Pontine Marshes (Pontince Paludes), a district so notorious
Marshes. v '
i t i_ for its aria cattiva, and consequent deserted state, although
once the principal element of the power of the Volsci, and
the prosperous site of thirteen cities on a territory nowwithout even a village, despite of its being rich beyond con- ception in cattle, timber, and vegetable wealth. These
paludi, or fens, are occasioned by the quantity of water
carried into the plain by innumerable streams that rise at the foot of the mountains to the east of Rome, which, for want of sufficient declivity, creep sluggishly over the level
space, and sometimes stagnate in pools, or lose themselves
in the sands. Here, fermenting with decayed vegetable
matter, and acted on by a fervid climate, malaria is produced;—that invisible enemy which poisons the fairest portions of Italy, otherwise so salubrious, and renders mana sufferer from his cradle to his early grave. There is every
appearance that the basin of these marshes was once a gulf
of the sea, which has been gradually filled up by the
alluvium from the mountains ; and that Monte Circello (Circeii prom.) was an island when Homer wrote, whether
he ever meant the place or not. The kingdom of Naples, extending over the southern
part of Italy, abounds in beautifully varied scenery, andis remarkably fertile, insomuch that its commerce, though
pretty good, might easily be made much better, but for the
arbitrary system of duties and impolitic restrictions onCoast of trade. The western coast of this kingdom, which wehave now reached, is generally bold, and indented by manydeep bays—usually termed gulfs by the native pilots,

COAST OF WESTERN ITALY. 25
such as those of Gaeta, Naples, Salerno, Policastro, Sant
Eufemia, and Gioja : and its extent, from Terracina to Cape Spartivento is about 370 miles. In this space there
are numerous small ports and caricatori, or loading places,
and various tolerable anchorages for large ships in all winds
from the eastward. The chief exports are wine, fruit, oil, olives, cheese, maccaroni, silk, aloes, wool, argols, lichens
for dyeing, pozzolana, potash, hemp, and leather. Gaeta (Gaieta) is a strong fortress on the rocky pro- Gaeta. montory of La Santa Trinita, which is joined to the mainland by a narrow isthmus, whence it has obtained the
appellation of little Gibraltar : there is a haven for small
vessels, and its road offers excellent anchorage, especially in
front of Mola (Formice). Before the bay is a group of small volcanic islands,—namely, Palmarola (Palmaria),
Ponza (Pontia), Gianuti, Zannone (Sinonia), Yandotina,
and some smaller rocks : they are bold, and the channels
among them very deep ; but all have evidently lost much
of their original extent by the destructive force and degradation of surf and atmosphere. The Bay of Naples (Par- Naples. thenope sive Neapolis) is of a semicircular form, sur- rounded by mountains, among which the still-active vol- cano, Vesuvius, rises to the height of 3880 feet; and by
its smoke acts as a pharos to vessels in the offing. The
limits of this bay, still called Grater by the native hydrographers, are Cape Miseno and the isles of Ischia (jEnaria)
and Procida (Prochyta) on the north, and Cape Campanella
(Minervo3 prom.) with the isle of Capri (Caprece) on the
south. The combination of such scenery with objects so memorable and celebrated, is as remarkable as it is strik- ing: the beautiful city winding along the shores of this bay, its villas and villages, its picturesque heights and
islands, its intensely interesting remains of classical antiquity, and even its earthquakes and volcanic eruptions, all combine to fill the spectator's mind with delight. Although
this is not the place for archaeological recollections, yet
26 COAST OF WESTERN ITALY.
Paestum.
Coast
towns,
who can forget Baise and Herculaneum, Pompeia andStabia ! Nor can we but give a glance to the southward;
and ask who can believe in the idle story of Psestum's
stately temples having only been discovered in 1755 ? These interesting relics may have been unnoticed by anti- quarians—perhaps from the moral and physical impediments of lawless men and pestiferous air—but were
assuredly well known to seamen, being conspicuously
visible from every offing of the Bay of Salerno (Salemum) ; and l i pilieri di Pesto ' were given as a sea-mark, long
before Sebastian Gorgoglione, the pilot, wrote his very
popular Portolano. Continuing along the Lucanian coast, from the Galli rocks (Sirenusce insulce) and picturesque shores of Amalfi
to the southward, a rich line of coast is presented, with all varieties of beach and cliff, hill and valley, and towns andvillages. Of the latter the principal are Policastro (Pyxus),
Amantea (Lampetice), Tropea (Prostroproea), Scylla (ScylIceum), and Reggio (Rhegium). The territory affords a
substantial trade in corn, wine, oil, honey, wax, silk, fruits, and legumes of all kinds ; while the shores yield tunnies,
sword-fish, pilchards, sardines, and various other fishes
;
but all the lower grounds are exceedingly unhealthy. Them. Cocozzo. great sea-mark of the coast is the elevated Monte Cocozzo,
which is the highest of the Calabrian Mountains, for the
greater part of the year covered with snow.
It is decided, upon what appears to be sound geological
evidence, that a great part of the Italian coast has been
raised and lowered several times within the historical era, while the sea must have ever maintained the same level
;
although it may once have washed the foot of the nearest Apennine. The mouth of the Tiber has advanced greatly,
and lowered its level, even in the last eighteen centuries;
for Ostia, and the port Claudius, are now far inland ; while
nearly the whole delta, called Isola Sagra, has been formed
since that period. Between the Tiber and Terracina, the
Geological changes.
COAST OF WESTERN ITALY. 27
old port of which has long been filled up, the coast is strewed with remains of ancient villas and works, which
in some places—as at Nettuno and Anzo—are far in the
sea. Homer appears to have heard Monte Circello described as an island, since his account of the place tallies very fairly with what the Pontine marshes would now
suggest; and in the age of Theophrastus, this hill was a
mile from the shore. By the joint actions of the marl
and peat of the marshes, the vast alluvial deposits, and
perhaps the detritus of the decreasing Ponza islands thrown up by the sea, this mass of transition limestone
has become a promontory ; and its cliffs, as well as some
of those on the coast of Calabria, bear unequivocal testimony
of a former submersion, from being thickly perforated by
the borings of recent mollusks at the height of more than
one hundred feet above the present level of the sea. In
the Abbate Romanelli's description of Capri, published in 1816, he says—'Near the eastern summit there is also a
singular calcareous mass, closely pierced by mitoli and
vermi litofagi, which indication of the pholades proves the
sea to have formerly reached that height : and this was con- firmed to me by Professor Scipio Breislak, at Milan, on his showing specimens which he had taken from a summit of
that island, colla suo propria mano. But the master-key in evidence of geological cycles of great extent on this coast,
is offered in the interesting ruins of the temple of Jupiter
Serapis, near Pozzuoli, in the bay of Baise, and about one hundred feet from the sea. Of this temple there are
three columns still standing, which are profusely drilled, to the height of from twelve to eighteen or nineteen
feet, by the perforations of the lithodomus, a bivalve still existing in the adjoining sea. When I first visited these
ruins, in the spring of 1814, the pavement seemed to be
rather above the level of the Mediterranean ; yet it would
appear to be slowly sinking again, since in 1850 there were upwards of two feet of salt water over it. The whole line
28 ITALIAN ISLANDS.
of the adjacent coast between the downs and the beach,
is of modern formation, consisting of beds of pumice and
sand, with recent marine shells, lateritious fragments,
and water-worn pieces of pottery. From every evidence,
direct as well as inferential, it may be safely concluded that the land has risen and fallen twice since the Christian era
;
and that each movement of elevation and subsidence has
exceeded twenty feet.
§ 5. Of the Italian Islands.
rpHIS term, in chorographical parlance, does not include
**- the isles which lie near the coasts of Tuscany or Naples ; but is especially applied to Corsica, Sardinia,
and Sicily, with their dependencies. The two first lie north and south of each other off the west coast of Italy, in nearly a straight line, stretching across the sea between
Genoa and Tunis for 80 leagues ; and though separated
only by the Strait of Bonifaccio, exhibit many remarkable
Corsica. differences, both moral and physical. Corsica may be considered as one vast mass of granite rising to a height of 8700 feet above the level of the sea, with a banda or plateau on each side, of about 310 miles in circuit; it possesses a great variety of minerals, and is clothed with
forests of oak, beech, fir, cedar, cork, ash, and chestnut trees. It holds the third rank among Mediterranean islands, and
its produce is corn, wine, oil, olives, legumes, carobs, fruits,
silk, honey, wax, marbles, coral, tunny, botarghe, and salt.
Sardinia. Sardinia, although from the small sinuosity of its coasts
it has a circuit of little more than 500 miles, is upwards of 140 miles in length from north to south, with an average
breadth of 60 miles ; and, as I have elsewhere said, until I had myself established the admeasurement, I considered
Sicily, from a very prevailing error, as the largest of the
ITALIAN ISLANDS. 29
Mediterranean islands ; and though the difference is trifling, I now subscribe to the assertion of that very early hydrographer Scylax, who is somewhat technically called, by my
venerable friend Major Rennel, ' the Pilot/ and who, ac- cording to Cluverius, says,
c Maxima est Sardinia, secunda
Sicilia, tertia Creta, quarta Cyprus, quinta Eubcea, sexta
Corsica, septima Lesbus/ It is a much lower island than
Corsica, few of its mountain summits exceeding 3000 feet in height ; and Gen-Argentu, its culminating peak near the
centre, being only 5276 feet. A chain of primitive rock
runs from north to south down the east side of the
island, but there is a large volcanic district extending
through its centre, and jutting out in many places to the west coast. This is its great physical diversity from
Corsica, and the principal moral peculiarity may be said to
be, that Sardinia still retains the feudal system ; but there
are also various points of difference in other respects
which struck me during my occasional visits, some of which
are recorded in my published account of that island. Their
produce however is similar, as well as their fisheries, and
both have their coasts indented with excellent bays,
harbours, and roadsteads ; unhappily there is another point
of resemblance, since all the low grounds are fatally infected
in the summer months with intemperie, or malaria, which
in some spots is truly deadly.* The trading places of Corsica are Bastia (3fantinum), Porto Yecchio, Bonifaccio,
Ajaccio, Calvi, and San Firenzo : of Sardinia the principal ones are Cagliari (Garalis), Sassari, Alghero, Oristano, San
Pietro, Ogliastro, Terra-nova, La Maddalena, Longo-Sardo,
and Castel-Sardo : the eastern shores of both islands are
less indented with bays than the western, and it is especially so with regard to Corsica ; where the sea is receding
* For instance, in my Sketch of Sardinia (page 295) I mention the
pestilential atmosphere on the western coast, as authorizing the oft-repeated proverb :

A Oristano che ghe va, In Oristano ghe resta

30 ITALIAN ISLANDS.
from that side, so much that Alleria, once a Roman seaport,
is now upwards of a mile inland.
Sicily. The island of Sicily is separated from the continent by the
celebrated Faro, or Strait of Messina (Stretto Mamertino),
where every appearance justifies the popular belief that a violent disruption, or subsidence of strata, has taken
place at some one remote period. Although this island
is actually in surface rather smaller than Sardinia, it has a circuit of 550 miles of winding coast, and is com- monly deemed as of greater importance ; and may be so
justly, whether its geographical position, historical celebrity,
climate, or produce, be the circumstances considered—in each and in all of these, it assuredly is one of the most
interesting and important islands in the world. As is implied by its ancient name, Trinacria, it is terminated
by three remarkable promontories, and intersected throughout by ranges of hills, between which are valleys and plains of the most exuberant fertility ; but unhappily these are the
usual seats of malaria, some of them being notoriously
pestiferous. None of the hills are of any very considerable height except Mount Etna, the most remarkable
volcano of Europe, which rises to the elevation of 10,874
feet.* It appears from the sea, on every side of the island, like a vast dome towering over all the other mountains.
Ports of The ancient ports of Palermo (Panormus) have been
Sicily. . . filled up in comparatively recent ages, but it possesses a
very capacious mole harbour, by which a great traffic is
* I must here show a gratifying coincidence in the determinations of the several stations on this mountain, made by two observers without any
knowledge of each other's operations :

Smyth, 1814. Herschel, 1824. Grotta delle Capre 5,362 5, 423'6 English feet. Bishop's Snow-store 7,410 7,103*8 The English House 9,592 9,5927 The summit of Etna 10,874 10,872'5
Several other places were evidently as corroborative, but that the observations were taken at different spots ; as, for instance, my height of Nicolosi
is 2449 above the sea at the Convent, and Herschel's 2,232*8 at Gremellaro's House. (See Captain Basil Hall's Patchwork, vol. iii. ch. 3.)
ITALIAN ISLANDS. 31
maintained. Besides its numerous caricatori, or authorized
loading-places, and its artificial ports, Sicily boasts the fine harbours of Messina (Mesana vel Zancle), Augusta, Syracuse,
Trapani (Drepanum), and Milazzo (Mylce); and there are also various other excellent road-anchorages for the largest ships.
Hence there is a busy traffic ; and, notwithstanding the moral
causes which deaden the physical energies of its resources, the exports are still both valuable and various. An enumeration of its principal branches of trade sufficiently proves
this, for they consist of corn, wine, oil, fruit, manna, honey, Produce, wax, saffron, carobs, liquorice, sumach, marbles, sulphur,
nitre, barilla, salt, linseed, amber, cantharides, coral, cork,
flax, rice, silk, hides, soap, cheese, squills, rags, cotton,
wool, madder, orchil, timber, fish, botarghe, tobacco, and
all kinds of leguminous vegetables.
The arenaceous and shingly conglomerate to which I
Hard & J
.
. & beaches, have alluded in my Memoir on Sicily, occupies a great part
of the beaches around the island ; and is very observable
between Cape Granitola and Sciacca. Indeed a compound
of this kind, replete with shells, fills up the hollows in most
of the older rocks in Sicily. On facts connected with this, I have also stated that it is unlikely that the Faro of Messina has increased in width for many ages ; from thence
to Scaletta, the beach is generally hardened into a compact
conglomerate of which small mill-stones are made on the
spot. This may probably proceed from the water which
percolates through the fiumare, holding carbonate of lime
in solution, and precipitating travertine. On the north coast of Sicily are situated the Lipari LiPari islands. Islands, so long famed as the jEolian, or Vulcanian
group ; consisting of Alicudi (Ericodes), Felicudi (Phcenicodes), Salina (Didyme), Lipari (Lipara), Vulcano (Hiera),
Panaria (Hicesia), Stromboli (Strongyle), and some smaller
rocks. The islands are generally precipitous and bold-to,
except in the vicinity of Panaria ; but as all the dangers
are marked on the chart, they are easily avoided. The
32 ITALIAN ISLANDS.
group is entirely volcanic, and yields sulphur, nitre, alum,
arsenic, pumice, various salts, and specular iron. Lipari is the largest, most fertile, and best inhabited ; but Stromboli
is the most remarkable on account of its unceasing eruptions,
which have gained it the name of the lighthouse of the
Mediterranean. A feature in the hydro-geology of these
islands may be noticed. Most of them present steep cliffy fronts on the west, and descend in moderate slopes on the
eastern side; the former plunging at once into deep water,
and the latter offering a gradual suite of regular soundings.
A similar peculiarity is also found in many other parts of the world.
ustica. To the west of the Liparis, and north of Palermo, lies Ustica, a small but well-cultivated volcanic island, where
the best barilla of these markets is prepared. Off Trapani
are the isles of Maretimo (Hiera), Levanso (Bucinna), and
Faviguana (Jfigusa); and to the south of Sicily are Pantellaria (Cossyra)—a place of exile for state delinquents,
the uninhabited Linosa, Lampedusa—Prosperous enchanted
island—and Lampion Bock.
Every one is aware of the vastness of phlaagrean eruptions in these districts, and the numerous extinct as well as
active cones exhibit the cause of a long series of changes.
And I think the term ' volcanic agency' may be also applied
to those emissions of mud, petroleum, and sulphuretted
hydrogen, of which an example is given in my account of
Sicily, at the Maccaluba near Girgenti (page 213).
Malta. Malta (Melita) also ' was anciently an appanage of the crown of Sicily, but having been granted by Charles V.
to the Knights of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem on
their being driven out of Rhodes in 1530, its superb harbour was impregnably fortified as a barrier against the Turks,
and it became one of the most celebrated spots of modern
times until within a century ago, when unequivocal symptoms of moral degeneracy began to be manifested. From
its position between Sicily and Africa, it commands the
ITALIAN ISLANDS. 33
channel which connects the two great basins of this sea, and was therefore, in the recent struggles, too important
a station to be left in the paralyzed hands of the Knights.
In 1798, the French made an almost unresisted conquest
of it ; but after a blockade of almost two years —
vigorously maintained by the inhabitants themselves on
land, and by the British fleet at sea—they were compelled
to relinquish it to the English, to whom it was finally ceded
at the general peace of 1815. By Scylax, the Maltese isles were reckoned among the appendages to Carthage, and
Melita Africana was distinguished from Melita Illyrica;
but by a British act of parliament, Malta is now included
in Europe, notwithstanding that the customs, language,
and simple mode of life of the natives are a very decided
evidence of their affinity to the Arabs in Barbary.
The island of Malta—as well as its dependencies, Gozo
(Gaulus), Comino, and Filfla—is composed of calcareous
rock, abounding in petrifactions and fossil remains, and
generally of an undulating surface, but with some hills, as the Benjemma range of above 500 feet, and the Guardia
of Gozo, which is 570 feet high. There is sufficient local evidence that these isles, with a present circuit of about
sixty miles, have lost much by disintegration. The utmost
industry has been exerted to fertilize every interstice among
these otherwise sterile rocks, the soil being —except in a few favoured spots—not more than eight or ten inches
deep ; and their campi artificiali afford proofs of laborious
industry. Yet moral energy here overcomes physical defects,
for the isles are exceedingly productive, although their corn
is barely sufficient for a five months' subsistence of the numerous population ; the fruits are finer than those of the
adjacent countries, and luxuriant crops of sulla (Hedissarum
coronaria) form the most substantial and nourishing fodder
for horses and cattle. But the principal branch of their industry is the cultivation and manufacture of cotton, of which the two best kinds—the Gallipoli and Nankin—

D
34 THE ADRIATIC SEA.
the one white, and the other yellowish brown, have a
staple combining length and silkiness in a superior degree.
We refer the reader to the close of this chapter, for farther
statistical particulars respecting this colony.
Adria.
Adriatic
gulf.
§ 6. The Adriatic Sea.
A LTHOUGH archseology is not our object in this sketch
•^ of the borders of the Mediterranean, a geographical
definition of the term Adriatic must be given, lest it might
be supposed that the views of Veryard, Giorgi, and Bryant, can be assented to by one who has critically examined both
Malta and Meleda.
The Adriatic Sea is considered to have gained its nameeither from the very ancient city of Adria, or Hadria, now some fifteen miles inland, at the farther end of the Gulf of Venice, or from Atri in the Abruzzo ; but
the latter seems untenable. The name is, perhaps, first mentioned by Herodotus, who, however, seems to apply
it rather to the country around the coasts than to the sea
itself; although he asserts (Clio, 163) that it was first of
all explored by the Phocseaus. Thucydides tells us (lib. i.) that Epidamnus, now Durazzo, is a city on the right
hand as you sail into the Ionian Gulf ; it is the Hadriacus Undas of Virgil, while Horace makes the Arbiter
Adrise wash the Calabrian coast ; and Pliny, who calls the Adriatic the second gulf of Europe, expressly places
Cape Lavinium and the town of Croton—both of Calabria Ultra—on its shores. Strabo describes the Iapygian
and Ceraunian shores as the line of separation in these
divisions. He admits that the mouth or strait belongs to
both, yet it is obvious that the lower part was colonized
from Ionia, the upper from Adria; the name therefore
of the first part of this sea is termed Ionian, and the
THE ADRIATIC SEA. 35
inner part up to its recess, Adriatic ;
' but now/ he says, (circa AD. 18,) ' the latter is the name even of the whole
sea :' and this statement is strengthened by the fact of the
Gulf of Venice being called the Upper Sea (mare superum)
by the Latin writers. In a splendid copy of Ptolemy, lent
to me by his late E.H. the Duke of Sussex, which was
printed at Rome in the year 1478, Mare Adriaticum appears
in uncial characters on tabula secunda, in the space between
Sicilia and Corcyra ; on tabula sexta it is below Bruttium
and Messene ; on tabula septima it is marked in the offing of Leontium, in Sicily ; and on the tenth plate it is opposite
to the space between Zacynthos and the Strophades.
Hence it is evident that the Adriatic Sea was held to be that vast expanse of waters contained in the Upper,
the Ionian, and the Sicilian Seas—in fact, that it extended
both to the north and south, from the narrows which some
have chosen to assume as its mouth. But these were convertible terms; for, as we have just seen, Thucydides cites the position of Epidamnus as in the Ionian waters, and
St. Paul's ship was driven up and down in Hadria : the
Adriatic Sea, says Heschius, ' is the same with the Ionian
Sea/ a definition that might have suppressed arguments
which have been conducted with more vehemence than
judgment. The upper portion of this space, so appropriately
designated the Gulf of Venice, is of moderate depths—from Depths, twelve to twenty fathoms between Istria and Venice, and
about 100 near its centre; between this and the entrance
there is a basin which has upwards of 500 fathoms ; and at the narrows between Otranto and Valona are 350 fathoms,
deepening suddenly towards the Ionian Sea. The southern
division of the Adriatic is as yet unfathomed ; at least, I have had occasion, in searching for reported dangers,
to try for soundings with from 400 to TOO fathoms of line, without at any time striking the bottom. The flat lands
around this sea are subject to malaria in summer. Cape Spartivento, or wind-splitter (Herculeum prom.), E
^Sb-i
d2
36 THE ADRIATIC SEA.
is the south-eastern extremity of Calabria, and between it and Cape Santa Maria di Leuca, the coast is indented by
the bays or gulfs of Squillace (Scylleticus Sinus) and
Taranto, with the petty ports and coves of Gerace (near
Locri), Catanzaro, Cotrone (Groto), Strongoli (Petilia),
Roseta, Cesareo (Sasina), and Gallipoli (Gallipolis). Taranto (Tarentum), seated in the north-west angle of the
gulf named after it, was once the rival of Rome, and had
an excellent port at the mouth of a fine river, which be- coming choked up from neglect, commerce deserted it
:
still, however, it boasts nearly 20,000 inhabitants, and
derives some consideration from its fisheries. Indeed, the
bays of the whole coast, from the Faro of Messina, abound
with excellent fish. Hard ^he Calabrian beaches offer many specimens of arenabeaches. J l ceous conglomerate with the calcareous cement, so largely
occurring in Sicily. Off Cape Rizzuto, a two-fathoms shoal may possibly be the remains of the Ogygia vel Calypsus
Insula of Pliny, which, with four others on this coast, are
Changes of considered as having been swallowed up. On the west side
coast. & r
of the Gulf of Taranto there are symptoms of the sea's having receded from the coast, owing to the alluvia carried down by the rivers, and the marine deposits thrown up. This is well shown at the margin of the once fertile plains of Metapontum, between the rivers Bradano (Bradanus)
and Basiento (Gasuentus) ; where a square tower called Torre
di Mare, built by the Angevine kings as a station for coast- guards, is now above a mile distant from the shore.
Gulf of Doubling Cape Santa Maria di Lucca (Iapygiumprom.),
V GH1CG. under which a black rock called Maleso marks the boundary
of the Bay of Taranto, we enter the Gulf of Venice by the narrow mouth denominated the Strait of Otranto. On ex- amination, the navigator will perceive the wide difference which exists between the two sides of this sea, the eastern shore being generally rocky, replete with islands and ports of bold approach, but deficient in inhabitants, provisions, and,
THE ADRIATIC SEA. 37
in many parts, also in potable water ; the western coast, on the contrary, is comparatively shallow, and almost
without any ports of capacity, yet —excepting some parts
of Puglia—populous, and abounding in provisions, water,
and articles of trade. The west side of the Adriatic is bounded by Italy, in the East coast beaches of which are frequent specimens of the calcareous concretion above-mentioned ; and here the soundings are more regular than on the opposite coast, with an approach
of considerably less boldness—a consequence of the main
current's setting along the shores of Albania, Dalmatia, and
Istria, and returning by those of Friuli, Venice, Romagna,
the Abruzzi, and the Capitanata. Besides numerous roadanchorages between Otranto (Hydruntum) and the mouth
of the Po, there are the ports of Brindisi (Brundusium), Trad™s
Monopoli (Egnatia), Bari (Barium), Barletta, Manfredonia (Sipontum), Viesti (Apenestce), Ortona and Ancona —which retain their ancient names and sites—Sinigaglia
(Sena Gallica), Fano (Fanum Fortunce), Pesaro (Pisaurum), Rimini (Ariminium), Comacchio, Chioggia (Fossa
Claudia), and some places of less note, to which busy
coasters resort. The exports are corn, rice, legumes, Produce, fruits, vegetables, oil, wine, cotton, wool, silk, manna, salt, hemp, cheese, soap, timber, glass, and liquorice. The
great lakes between Peschichi and Termoli (Interamna),
named Lesina (Lacus Pantanus) and Varano (Portus
Garnai), have immemorially been celebrated for the
abundance, variety, and excellence of their fish ; but their borders are unhealthy.
The uniformity of this western line of coast is broken in three principal places,—namely, first, at Testa di Gargano,
or Mount Sant' Angelo (Promontorium Garganum), near which lie the four Tremiti Isles (Insula Diomedece)

secondly, at Mount Conero (Cumerium prom), between
Loretto and Ancona ; and thirdly, at the Delta formed by
depositions at the mouths of the Po (Eridanus and Padus). River Po.
38 THE ADRIATIC SEA.
This river, which has been celebrated even as
c rex fluvi- orum/ has its source in the Grison Alps, and after flowing
from west to east for more than 280 miles, discharges itself into the Adriatic by seven different channels, sometimes,
during freshes, with such violence, that Tasso says it carries war, not tribute, to the sea. At these times the Po renders
the water of the sea brackish, to a considerable distance out,
by diluting its saltness : at which opportunities our frigates
cruising off Goro used to replenish their water by skimming
the surface just out of gun-shot. The ravages of this river have made a great exertion of hydraulic engineering requisite for preventive purposes ; and the embankments, ren- dered absolutely necessary by its repeated deposits, have
raised its bed many feet above the plain through which it flows, keeping the whole country of Ferrara and the Polesino
in constant fear of a flood ; and therefore it is a perpetual
source of anxiety and expense.
TheApen- It should be observed that, between the heights of Ancona and Mont Sant' Angelo, the celebrated chain of the
Apennines—the true mountain-system of Italy—runs nearly
parallel to the sea-line of the Abruzzi, and comparatively near ; thereby influencing the seasons and agriculture of the
intervening space. The population of the plains may be
said to have nearly reached the utmost verge of subsistence ; but the slopes of the mountains are extremely populous, and
the immense forests of sweet chestnuts maintain a great
proportion of the inhabitants of the district—and this at an
elevation where no food for man could be procured in our
climate. Among the summits seen from this part of the
Adriatic, the peaks of Monte Corno (Precuti), or the Gran
Sasso d'ltalia, 9500 feet high, and Monte Majella (Palenus),
nearly as high, are very striking.
Venice. The territory of Venice extends from the northern
mouth of the Po, across the head of the gulf as far as the
bay of Trieste ; the greater part of this extent is composed of low marshy islets and lagoons, formed by the
THE ADRIATIC SEA. 39
many neighbouring rivers; as the Brenta (Medoacus
major), the Adige (Athesis flumen), the Piave, the Tagliamento (Tilaventum), &c. In the midst of these rises the once potent city of Venice, between which and the Adriatic —however frequently the gorgeous ceremony of marriage
has taken place—there may now be said to have been a
lasting, if not final divorce, although a semblance of union
is still maintained. This singular capital is built upon
half a hundred little islets or banks, consolidated by piles,
and intersected in every direction by canals and smaller watercourses (canaletti), serving the purposes of streets and lanes, but navigated by the gondola ; which, notwithstanding its sable, hearse-like appearance, is a commodious,
well-furnished boat, swiftly sculled by a single waterman.
Beyond point Sdobba, the land becomes steeper and the istria. water deepens, as we approach the territory of Istria ; which
is bounded on the north-west by the river Isonzo, and on
the south by the Gulf of Quarnero ; and unlike the parts we
have just left, has a coast which is generally bold, broken,
and irregular, with a mountainous interior formed by an
offset of the Julian Alps. Such, at least, are the hydrographical boundaries ; but the portion usually designated
the Peninsula, is only about forty-five miles long. The
chief occupation of the inhabitants, who are mostly of Sclavonian origin, is agriculture ; they also attend to some
minor manufactures, and to fishing. The country produces Produce, in small quantities, oil, wine, fruits, corn, honey, wax, silk, leather, tallow, timber, and salt ; and has abundant
quarries of freestone and marble, whence excellent lime is abundantly obtained by calcination. The chief loading-places of Istria are Castel Duino istrian (Pucinum Castellum), Trieste (Tergeste), Capo d' Istria (/Egida), Pirano, Parenzo (Parentiurn), Orsera, Rovigno,
and Pola ; there are also many smaller resorts. Of all these,
Trieste, a flourishing seaport, claims the pre-eminence

having lately become the commercial victor of Venice, and
40 THE ADRIATIC SEA.
the most important of the Austrian port-marts. It has a
very secure artificial harbour, and an outer road with a moderate depth of water ; but this anchorage is exposed to the wind from the west and south-west quarters, and
specially subject to the violent gust called Bora. NowPoia. Pola is a roomy haven, with many advantages, yet, from
the malaria on its shores, it is all but deserted ; and it is not a little singular, considering its position, that it should be
exempt from the visitations of the Bora. The tonnara, or
tunny-fishery, claims its chief marine attention, and is a
source of considerable profit. Most of the tunnies are sent
fresh to Venice, but the surplus is eviscerated on the spot,
cured with the highly-prized Istrian salt, and packed off for general markets. It is singular that Pola still preserves
its most ancient name, for that which the Romans gave it —Pietas Julia—has long disappeared.
Croatia. The east coast of the Adriatic, from Cape Promontoreto Ragusa, is more bold and picturesque than that of Istria,
being flanked by numerous islands, some of considerable
size, and others mere rocks; here exhibiting productive
cultivation, there neglect and barrenness. The water
between them is deep, and the shores mostly bold andprecipitous, insomuch, that a fleet may generally work to within half a cable's length on either side ; and sailing
among the sinuous channels of the Quarnero is easy andpleasing, except that the Bora often renders it an unsafe
Monte navigation—nor are the gusts off Monte Maggiore, or
' Caldero (4530 feet high), to be disregarded. BetweenIstria and Dalmatia lies the State of Croatia (Liburnia)—Horv'dth Orszdg of the natives—of which the principal coast-towns along the Morlachian shores are Fiume—the
great seaport proper of Hungary—Porto Re, and Karlopago. Between the two latter is Segna, the whole plain of which was evidently once a harbour.
Gulf of The Gulf of Quarnero (Sinus Flanaticus or Liburni-' cus) takes its name from the four principal islands, Cherso
THE ADRIATIC SEA. 41
(Cripsa or Crecca), Veglia (Curicta or Cyractica), Arbe
(Scardona), and Pago (Cissa, afterwards Paganorum
insula), the two latter of which are close to the mainland.
Cherso is joined by a causeway bridge to the island and
mount called Osero (isle), whence they are generally consi- dered as one; their soil is uneven and stony, but they
abound in cattle, vines, olives, and honey; and possess, among other ports, the fine harbour of Lossin Piccolo,
which is at once spacious and land-locked. Veglia is the Vegiia. largest, as well as the most fertile and populous of the
Croatian group, though some of the arable grounds of Aj:be are in greater esteem. Pago is not more noted for the Pago, tortuosities of its form than for the extraordinary variability of its climate, and the wildness of the inhabitants. It is singular that those neighbours—Cherso, Osero, Lossin,
Canidole, and Sansego—should abound with fossil bones ;* and there are symptoms of the whole of the islands having
once joined the continent. It should also be recollected Osero was formerly Absorus and Auxerum; whence the
immediate isles of the vicinity were called Absyrtides.
Leaving Croatia, we enter the province of Dalmatia, Daimatia. the government of which, including Ragusa, extends from
Obrovazza—south of Karlopago—to Lastua, beyond Budua,
the last being properly in Albania, but that there is about
the Bocche di Cattaro a sort of variable frontier. The
whole district is mountainous and generally barren ; though
towards the interior there are extensive forests of timber.
Its chief ports are Novigradi, on a sea lake ; Zara (Jadara), zara. the fortified capital, with a spacious harbour, well-furnished
arsenal, and 8000 inhabitants ; Scardona on the Kerka, Scardona. which flows into the Adriatic near Sebenico, after forming
* The bone-breccia of these islands appears to be identically the same
conglomerate with those of Gibraltar, Cerigo, and other places in the Mediterranean. A large collection had recently been sent from Lossin
Piccolo to Vienna, just before my arrival in that port, in which Dr. Capone,
my informant, found relics of oxen, deer, and other rodentia.
42 THE ADRIATIC SEA.
several cascades and five magnificent falls in its course of about fifty miles : Sebenico, on the declivity of a rocky hill, near the lake of Kerka (Titium), is a well-built town of
Towns and 4000 inhabitants, with a castle ; Ragosniza, a good port,
with a poverty-struck village ; Trau (Tragurium), a townon the main, with a suburb on the Isle of Bua, having 3000inhabitants, the two connected by a mole with a drawbridge for the passage of vessels ; Salona, still enjoying its ancient name ; Spalatro (Palatium), one of the most commercial ports of Dalmatia, is a fortified city, with a population of 8000 people, bearing many traces of former prosperity and Diocletian's munificence ; Almissa (Oncenum),
at the mouth of the river Cettina (Nestus or Tilurus) ; Macarska (Rataneum or Rhcetinum), a little, open town,
with a small port; Fort Opus and Sabioncello, on the
shores of the gulf into which the Narenta empties itself
;
the once powerful maritime city of Ragusa,* and its splendid canal of Calamota ; Ragusa Vecchia (Epidaurus)
;
Cattaro, with its unique and noble broad of waters, called
le bocche—formerly Sinus Rhizonicus—meandering amid
precipitous mountains ; and the small ortified town and
harbour of Budua (Buthoe).
Aspect and The mountainous tract at the back of these towns—for
produce. the most part wild, rugged, and barren—is industriously
cultivated towards the shore. A general want of water,
with an arid soil, however, render Dalmatia unsuitable for agriculture, and therefore it was of old better known for piracy than for commercial enterprise; yet it has long
exported considerable quantities of corn, wine, oil, figs, almonds, cheese, salt, wool, brandy, maraschino and other
liqueurs, honey, fr * i its, sardines, and tunny. There is muchtimber in the interior, but the forests near the coast have
* Ragusa politically ceded certain portions of her territory to the Turks,
in order to avoid a more dangerous intimacy with Venice. From the
qualities and disposition of the inhabitants, the city has been termed the
Paris of the Adriatic.
THE ADRIATIC SEA. 43
been exhausted. A principal feature of the whole is the
range called Montenegro (Czernagora), consisting chiefly Monte-
. . negro. of the cretaceous or Mediterranean limestone, so extensively
developed from the Alps to the Archipelago ; and which is commonly remarkable for its bare and craggy character. The general height is about 3000 feet, with a few higher
summits ; and the slopes are gentle in the direction of the
inclination of the strata, with precipices at the outcroppings,
which give a fine variety to the scenery. It is inhabited
by a race of hardy and warlike mountaineers, who have
managed to maintain their independence between the
Turks, whom they abhor, and the Austrians, for whom they
care not ; and no man moves without his gun and poniard.
They are under the rule of a Yladika, or Prince-Bishop, by
whom I was received, in 1818, with marked kindness and
hospitality, in the fortified convent of Stagnevitch, on an
elevated slope on the south side of Mount Giurgvitch.
This was the celebrated Peter, of the clan Petrovitz, who
succeeded to his dignity so far back as the year 1777 ; and
who so heroically defeated Mahmoud Pasha in 1795. His
dominion is perhaps the only independent country in Europe which does not contain either a town, or any village, or cluster of habitations, large enough to be compared to
one, although with a surface of more than 400 square miles. Conformity of religion, decorations of knighthood and
presents from the Emperor Paul, and the distant position of the power, combined to induce the Montenegrini to prefer
the friendship of Russia to that of Austria ; and the politic
predilection was increased by the favours and courtesy of the Emperor Alexander. They are, however, surrounded
by extremely jealous, and even inimical neighbours.*
* It was here that the existence and views of the secret society, called the Hetaeria, for the emancipation of the Greeks, were revealed to me, and
which, as the trial-outbreak was to occur in the Ionian islands, I was in duty bound to disclose to the British government, through Sir Thomas
Maitland. This certainly placed the projects of the Hetserists in peril, but
44 THE ADRIATIC SEA.
Dalmatian The numerous islands appertaining to this line of coast
islands. . . f
r & appear to have originated in the breaking up of the lower
grounds, by some violent action, leaving their limestonesummits above water : from the salient position of the pro- montory terminating in Point Planca, they are divided
into two distinct groups, which the Greek geographers
designated the Absyrtides (above-mentioned) and Liburnides (Strab. vii.). They trend north-west and south-east,
greatly longer than broad, and form various fine channels,
here called canale, and named from the nearest adjacent
island ; which being bold, with scarcely a hidden danger, give a variety of secure passages for ships between them. These
islands are generally poorly supplied with potable water,
and some of them suffer greatly from the want of it ; they
are, therefore, not fertile, although scantily affording oil, wine, honey, wax, olives and other fruit. Some of themare miserably off, so that I found many families unable to
afford themselves the use of bread, except on festivals. The principal islands are Scardo, Grossa (Lissa), Incoronata, Zuri (Cratece), Solta (Olynta), Brazza (Brattia),
Lesina (Pharos), Lissa (Issa), Curzola (Corcyra Nigravel Meloena), TAgosta (Tauris), Melada (Melita), andmany smaller ones ; replete with ports and harbours, someof which are upon an extensive scale. South of Lissa, andnearly in the centre of the Adriatic Sea, stands the rocky
Peiagosa. isle of Pelagosa, and west of the latter is Porno, a pyramidal
rock 100 feet high, with a dangerous shoal off its north
end: as Pelagosa is a very important sunset point of departure for all passing Adriatic traders to take the bear- ing of, I requested of Baron Prochasca, in 1818, on stated grounds, that a lighthouse might be erected there by the
Austrian Government, which has been done.
no choice was left me ; and within sixteen months afterwards I was called upon to co-operate with General Sir Frederic Adam, in suppressing the dangerous insurrection at Santa Maura. This was precisely what I had been
informed, although the plea was about a new tax.
THE ADRIATIC SEA. 45
Between Dalmatia and the Gulf of Lepanto, the eastern Albania, shores of the Adriatic are formed by the coast of Albania,
which, in the greater part of its northern portion, is of moderate height, and in some places even low and unwholesome, as far as Valona, or Avlona (Aulon), where it suddenly becomes rugged and mountainous, with precipi- tous cliffs descending rapidly to the sea. This is the
Khimara range, upwards of 4000 feet high, once much Mount
. Khimara. dreaded by ancient navigators as the Acro-Cerauman pro- montory. Some of the inland hills are so clearly seen over
the intervening land between Durazzo and Avlona, that
many vessels coming down this sea have been deceived, and
consequently wrecked on Samana, the shelvy point formed Point by the river Toberathi, or Krevasti, the Apsus flumen of
yore. Among those heights none is more remarkable than
Monte Pegola, which has an altitude of 7764 feet ; and is perhaps thus named from being near the beds of asphaltum,
or mineral pitch, of Selenitsa. The coast of Albania, though its limits are not strictly
denned, is generally held to extend from Antivari on the
north, to the Gulf of Lepanto on the south : the space
between the former and Avlona answers to the ancient
Illyricum, and Lower Albania to Epirus; both are still inhabited by a desperate race, who usually are at once
soldiers and robbers. The principal Adriatic ports of this Ports, district are —Antivari, which is thought to have been
named from being nearly opposite to Bari, in Italy;
Dulcigno (Olcinium), long a nest of pirates, who by means
of the river Boiana, frequently ravaged the shores of Lake
Scutari ; Alessio (Lissus), a town of fishermen on the
banks of the Drino (Drilo), the largest of the Illyrian
rivers, which communicates with the Ocrida Lake (Lychnidus Palus) ; Durazzo (Epidamnus, postea Dyrrhachium), a fortified town at the head of an excelleut bay
for anchorage ; Yalona, a very tolerable town on the east
side of a spacious and beautiful gulf, which is rendered
46 THE ADRIATIC SEA.
Valona.
Palaeste.
Geological changes.
additionally secure by the isle of Sasseno; and PortPalermo (Panormus), a fortified cove at the foot of theKhimara range. Of these places, Valona is the first inmaritime consideration, since the bay will accommodatefleets with anchorage, water, wood, provisions, fish, andrefreshments in abundance ; and its exports are timber,
gall-nuts, corn, oil, wool, mineral pitch, and salt. The site of Oricum, which stood in the southern part of this bay, was (1818) occupied only by two or three huts, amongvestiges of an aqueduct.
Between Valona and Port Palermo, the coast is in- dented with numerous little coves, which were heretofore the resort of piratical vessels lying in wait for their passingprey : but none of them recalled the < quiet station for ships
amidst the rocks and dangers of the Ceraunian coast/ whichCaesar describes (Bel. Civ. iii. 6). On the hills above AspriRouga—Strada Bianca of the Italian pilots—is Paleassa,
which may be the site of Palceste, from which Caesar marched in one day to Oricum, and took it. Near it is Chimara (Ghinuera), which gives name (Chimariots) to the inhabitants of the whole mountain-range.
The basin of the Adriatic Sea seems to be a continuation
of the original trough-shaped longitudinal valley of the Po ; separating the parallel ranges of elevated secondary strata of the Apennines, and of the Illyrian mountains. The headof this gulf consequently receives all the waters that flow from the southern descent of the Alps and the mountains of
Carniola, between the Po and the Isonzo ; a space in whichthe sea also receives the Adige, Brenta, Piave, Livenza, the
Tagliamento, and numerous minor streams, each carrying
down, in freshes, enormous quantities of mud and gravel into the lagoons, or vast extent of shallows which border the
intervening shore. By these means Aquileia, which once may have stood near the sea, has long been an inland town ; Adria, which was a station for the Roman fleet, is nowmore than fifteen miles inland ; and Ravenna, formerly
THE ADRIATIC SEA. 47
on piles surrounded by lakes and saltpans, and only- bearable from being purified by the tide, as Strabo says,
is now in the midst of gardens and meadows ; while Portus
Classis, its ancient harbour, has become a marsh four miles
from the sea, from which it is separated by the celebrated
Pineto, or forest of pines. Spina, with its adjacent Ostium,
a Pelasgic town at the most southern branch of the Po,
was, in the time of Scylax, about two miles and a half from the sea ; but in less than six hundred years afterwards,
Strabo describes it as being ninety stadia, or more than
eleven miles inland : nor could Strabo or Pliny find any
vestiges of the two islands called Electrides, which the more ancient historians placed at the mouth of the Po,

or of the amber from which they derived their name.
Still, although the draining of so large a portion of the
Alps and Apennines may, with the successive depositions
of the sea, have formed the greater part of old Lombardy,*
and though there are many circumstances favourable to the encroachment of the land on the sea and rivers, I am
not inclined to think the increase has been so great or so rapid as some of my Italian friends have inferred. In
mentioning ancient ports, it is not always meant that they were close to the sea ; swamps, ditches, and stagnant pools
formed, in fact, the principal feature of all the tract in question ; and there is nothing to prove that these marshes
were ever covered by the Adriatic within the period of
history. The lagoons may have been contracted, but
Padua, as in the time of Livy, is seventeen miles from the
* In the recent operation of boring for an Artesian well at Venice, four
different beds of peat were passed through, at the respective depths of 18,
29, 48, and 126 metres ; proving that at four different epochs, the surface, which appears to have been slowly subsiding, was covered with fresh-water
lakes, of small depth. Again, at Adria, where it has been shown by excavation that it stands on the ruins of two former towns, the progress of alluvial deposits which may have occurred within a space of 3000 years, is demonstrated : the first town arrived at being on a level several feet below the
present surface, exhibited Roman vestigia ; the second, at a greater depth, appeared to be earlier, the futile fragments being wholly Etruscan.
river.
48 THE SHORES AND ISLANDS
sea, while Brondolo and Chioggia remain the same as described by Pliny ; and even at the delta of the Po, which
has so vast a power in transporting mud and silt, a comparison of the best old map of Ferrara, shows an increase of about twenty-five yards per annum between the years 1200
and 1600, latterly accelerating; certainly a very consider- able rate of increment, but greatly inferior to what is now
occurring, for instance, at the head of the Gulf of Persia.
Assumed One more point. Scylax, who we may also remark is followed by Scymnus Chius, assumed a very disproportionate extension of the Adriatic, placing its innermost
angle near the Ister, an arm of which falls into it; and
Pomponius Mela assumes that Istria thus derived its name.
Apollonius Khodius—the Alexandrian poet, and no great
authority in such a case—makes Jason's fleet fly before
that of Mt&, across the Euxine, up the Ister, and thence
into the Adriatic ; and the Abbate Fortis thought he per- ceived in the nuviatile sands of Sansego and Ossero, evidence
of the arm which Jason descended. Having inspected the
locality, I am as much surprised at Fortis as Pliny was at Cornelius Nepos, for believing in the existence of such a
river. Aristotle seems to have believed that the fish called Trichias passed from the Danube into the Adriatic.
§ 7. The Shores and Islands of Western
Greece.
Western ^PHIS designation is applied generally, rather than in a
Greece. J_ strictly geographical sense, to the space between
Avlona and Cape Malea, including the Septinsular and the
Greek Islands—all of which have had, in our times, a
resurrection from that political death with which, for many
ages, they had been struck, and which, Greece being the
land

kxt e£oxw—of enthusiastic aspiration, gave joy to every civilized country.
OF WESTERN GREECE. 49
The principal Albanian ports on the Ionian sea, after Albanian quitting Port Palermo, and passing the loading-place under
Agioi Saranta (Onchesmus), are first—Butrinto (Buthro*
turn), opening into the Channel of Corfu ; Gominitse, near
the mouth of the Calamis (Thyamis) ; Mourtzo, the outer
isle of which still bears the name of Sybota ; and then the once piratical Parga (Torone), which, with other Venetian Parga. possessions, was ceded to the Porte in March, 1800, by a
treaty, in which England had no part ; but, from circumstances, this cession became obligatory on the English. It forms no portion of my present plan to revive particulars,
but as I was in Sir Thomas Maitland's confidence, and was
actually at Parga after it was left by its inhabitants, as well
as before Ali Pasha's troops were admitted, I feel it proper
to state, that the accounts given of that unfortunate event
in the Edinburgh Review* are completely erroneous. Between Parga and Previsa there are the little ports of Phanari. San Giovanni and Phanari, the last being at the mouth of the Glyki (Glykis limen and Acheron), and on the margin
of the mountainous district of Suli, emphatically named
Kakosouli by the Turks, from the calamities and evils they
encountered in its subjection. Previsa (near Actium and
Nicopolis), the chief commercial place of Lower Albania,
stands at the mouth of the Gulf of Arta (Ambracius Gulf of sinus), a sheet of water navigable for vessels of the largest
size when the bar is passed. Near the south-eastern extremity of the gulf, and on a hill in command of the Port
of Kervasara, are the Cyclopian walls and other remains of Argus Amphilochicum ; and from thence round by Ruga
and Yonitsa to the western point (Anactorium), the whole
shore exhibits traces of former importance. The sanitary
condition must at that period have been better, and the
country morally more safe ; for now, in addition to a veer- and-haul government, the gulf is unhealthy during the
* No. LXIV. Vol. 32.
50 THE SHORES AND ISLANDS
summer months, at which time remittent fevers of a dangerous type are common, especially in the lower grounds.
The state of the pavement of a Koman road on the
northern shore of the gulf, with indications marked by the
clay-levels, and other signs of submergence, give an idea of
local depression. Politically, the centre of this gulf is nowthe boundary between Turkish Albania and the new kingdom of Greece ; but agreeably to local hydrography, weshall continue the name of Albania to Lepanto, although
the portion between Previsa and the River Aspropotamo{Achelous) is named Karnia (Acarnanice). On this coast we meet Port Kandela (Alyzia) ; the excellent Bay of Dragomestre (Astacws), once crowned by a large town andfortress, but now nearly deserted ; and then the embouchureAchelous. of the Aspropotamo, the most considerable river of Greece. Herodotus described it as gradually connecting the
Echinades with Acarnania, 2300 years ago ; and Thucydides predicted (1. ii. § 102) that as the river was rapid, andbrought down great quantities of sand, those islands mustin time form part of the mainland. The distance between
them and the main has become considerably contracted
since that prediction was made ; and the present designation of the Achelous

c White River'—is from the turbid
tint of its muddy waters, which so whiten the sea around
the Kurzolari (Echinades) group, that I was somewhatstartled on first sailing through them. Oxia, the largest of
these, and the nearest to the mainland, was probably the
Dulichium of Homer ; but I can find no confirmation for the conjecture. To the south of this stream lies one of its
Missoiun- accretions, Port Scropho ; and to the east of it is Missolunghi (Melitepalus), at the entrance of an extensive salt lagoon, having Natolica (Cyniapalus) at its head. Withsufficient littoral advantages for active commerce, the
Albanians have hitherto confined their energies to piracy
and a petty trade in timber, oil, wool, valoni or dye acorns,
fish, botarga, and general provisions.
ghi.
OF WESTERN GREECE. 51
We now enter the Gulf of Lepanto, or Corinth (Sinus Gulf of Corinthiacus),eb sheet of water above seventy miles long from
east to west, and about twelve or thirteen miles broad towards
the middle, exclusive of the gulfs of its northern inlets under
Parnassus and Delphi ; having bold shores, carrying from
seven to ten fathoms close in, and a central depth of more Depth, than 250 fathoms—no bottom having been struck with that
quantity of line out. The entrance of this gulf is defended
by two castles on projecting points, which are not much
more than a mile and a half distant from each other, and
are known as the Dardanelles of Lepanto (Rhium and
Antirrhium) ; the town of which name (or rather towns), once Naupactus, stands on the side of a hill a little within
the northern castle called Roumili—properly Rum-ili-Kisar,
i. e., castle of the Eoman (Greek) land. To the east of this place, and on the same shore of the gulf, are several bays,
affording good anchorage for large vessels, as Salona Ports. (Crissa), Galaxidi (Tolophon), Aspra-Spitia (Anticyra), Port Sarandi (Mychos vel Tiphce) under Mount Zagora
(Helicon), Dobrena (Thisbe), Ghermano (JZgosthena), and
Livadostro (Creusa). The eastern extremity of the gulf
terminates in two bays ; that of Livadostro on the north,
that of Corinth (Corinthus) to the south, where the Morea is Corinth, joined to Greece by an isthmus, over which, and in the city of Corinth, the air is so bad, that all those inhabitants who
can, abandon the place during the summer months. From
the wretched dogana,* which is the sole representative of the once busy Lechceum, to the Morea castle, at the mouth
of the gulf, is a comparatively depopulated district ; yet at Sicyon—the ruins of which are on a hill between two
streams, the ancient Asopus and Helisson—luxury was in the ascendant, and there the fine arts took their birth, as
* Before the insui'rection, my friend, Kyamil Bey, ruled in Corinth, where
his family had governed for above a century, during which the district was
as prosperous as any in Greece. I received much attention from him, and
regretted his fate. E 2
52 THE SHORES AND ISLANDS
Bura and
Helice.
was well testified by its illustrious citizens, Zeuxis, Lysippus,
Apelles, and Timarchus. The present chief place of convostitsa. sideration is Yostitsa (JEgium), from whence the produceof the adjacent country is conveyed in boats to Patras. When I was there in 1820, it was a prosperous andbusy town, the landing-place of which was marked by aplane tree of forty feet girth, arid 100 feet in height, aroundwhich were fourteen brass cocks for supplying water from the
purest of springs ; a few months afterwards, the whole wasdesolated by the Turks, even to the destruction of this nobletree. Between Yostitsa and the Dardanelles of Lepanto,the extensive sandy point of Drepano induced a distin- guished antiquary to think that it marks the site whereBura and Helice were swallowed up, as mentioned by Pausanias (Archaics, ch. xxiv.), and Ovid (Metam. lib. xv.) ; butI see no reason to doubt that catastrophe's having occurredat the base of Mount Meliala, to the east of Yostitsa, accord- ing to the usual supposition. In all the lower grounds ofthis district, malaria is to be expected ; and the fine vale ofKalavryta is singularly unhealthy in the fall of the year. Directly off the coasts of Lower Albania and the Morealie the Ionian Islands, or Septinsular Eepublic ; a groupformerly subject to Yenice, but occupied during the late wars by different belligerents in succession, and finally
assigned by the Congress of Yienna to the protection ofGreat Britain. The United Ionian Islands—in order ofconstitutional precedence —are Corfu (Corcyra), Cephalonia, Zante, Leucadia, Ithaca, Cerigo, and Paxo, togetherwith their numerous dependent islets. Their populationamounts to about 200,000, all of whom have toleration in
religion, and equal rights in the eye of the law : and theseassuredly form the basis of true liberty. The Ionian flag
bears the lion of St. Mark, but with that proof of especial
protection—the British union—in the upper angle ; theappearance of which in those seas, was the signal of disso- lution to various hordes of pirates.
Corfu. Corfu, called Korphi (in the plural) by the presentIonian
Islands.
OF WESTERN GREECE. 53
Greeks, is the seat of government, and though of rugged
surface, abounds with olive-trees, and has some very fertile, but unhealthy plains,* producing corn, oil—which is its chief export, wine, fruit, and flax ; and salt is obtained in considerable quantities by desiccation in some extensive
and shallow lagoons, which communicate with the sea. The
anchorage is at once roomy, convenient, and secure ; but
Port Govino, the former arsenal, has become so unhealthy, Port from the increase of malaria through defective drainage,
that its use is discontinued. The island is about thirty-five
miles long by twelve miles at its greatest breadth ; it is extremely picturesque, the west shore being an abrupt precipice, with exuberant foliage overhanging the sea. Off Fano.
its north end there are some rocky islets, the most important
being Fano (Othronus), which has sometimes been called the key of the Adriatic. Eight miles south of Corfu, and about ten miles west of Paxo. Epirus, is Paxo (Paxos), the smallest of the septinsular
group ; steep and rocky, but well covered with olive-trees,
producing the best oil in the Ionian Islands. Quitting its excellent little port, Gaio, and passing the almost desert
isle of Anti-Paxo, we arrive at Leucadia, or Levkadhia, an
island about sixty miles in circumference, which has long
been called Santa Maura by the Italians ; it is very moun- Santa tainous, yet, being cultivated in every possible part, is tolerably productive, and has a considerable export of wine
and oil. The north-east extremity of the island is separated
from Acarnania only by a narrow channel, which is supposed
to have been cut by the Corinthians when Leucadia was a
peninsula. The slip of land thus severed is called the Placca, The piacca. and resembles a work of art, but it is a body of gravel and
sand cemented by calcareous matter into so compact a mass,
that excellent mill-stones are made from it. The strong
castle of Santa Maura stands close to this, and is divided from
* The large and fertile plain called Val di Roppa, is delineated as a
spacious harbour in the early maps.
54 THE SHOKES AND ISLANDS
Amaxiki, the head town of the island, by extensive lagoons,
which are crossed by light canoes, appropriately called monoxyla. Among the dependent islets, Meganisi (Aspalathia) holds the first place, as its name imports ; but since, in the insurrection of 1819, it became a station for spies, I wasunder the necessity of disarming the inhabitants, and, for a
time, restricting intercourse with their neighbours.
cepha- Cephalonia (Cephalonia) is the most considerable in ex- tent of all the Ionian Islands, being 180 miles in circuit, andits coasts are indented with deep bays and ports, of which the
harbour of Argostoli is the most important, being spacious
enough for the largest fleets, and secure in all winds ; on it stood the very ancient cities of Palle and Kranii. Thehighest elevation of the island, and indeed of the Ioniangroup, is that anciently named Mount ^Enos, the Monteneroof modern geography, which is 5300 feet above the sea ; it was formerly clothed with a fine forest, of which vestiges
still remain, but the greater part was wilfully burnt by thenatives The destruction of timber during the conflagration was enormous ; and though the fire occurred before the occu- pation by the English, the mountain still presented a singular
appearance of desolation when I visited it in 1820 ; nor shouldit be forgotten, that by this wanton ruin an injurious effect
is considered to have been made on the climate. This lofty
mountain crosses the island, the ramifications of it spreadover the whole space, and jut out into the sea in various
parts, forming bold headlands ; while, among the lower projections, the valleys are tolerably well cultivated, producingcurrants, oil, cotton, fruit, wine, brandy, and liqueurs : their corn suffices only for half the annual consumption, thedeficiency being supplied from the Morea ; but as there is a pretty sure market for their currants—which not unfre- quently amount to upwards of 4,000,000 lbs. in one year
they are not dissatisfied.
ithaca and The small island of Ithaca stretches along the north-eastside of Cephalonia, divided by a narrow channel clear of
OF WESTERN GEEECE. 55
dangers. It is a rugged, broken, calcareous mountain, yet
carefully cultivated in all places of promise, and producing
excellent currants, wine, and oil, which are embarked at the
secure and—as implied by the name—deep port of Yathi.
Between Ithaca and the mainland there are numerous little uninhabited islets which afford pasturage for the sheep
and goats of the Ithacan peasants ; the principal of these
are Atoko, Provati, Pondico, Modi, Mokri, and Oxoi. The
northernmost of these may have been the Taphii or Teleboce of Homer, and the southern are the Kurzolari group
already mentioned. Ithaca has always been called Ithaki,
or Theaki, by the natives, thus unequivocally retaining its ancient name ; but the Italian geographers have dubbed it Val di Compare, and Cefalonia-piccola.
South of Cephalonia, and opposite to Castel Tornese in zante. the Morea, lies the fine and fertile island of Zante (Zacynthus), about seventy miles in circumference, with a population of upwards of 40,000 souls. The aspect of Zante is highly picturesque : two chains of mountains, and the sea
to the south, enclose an extensive plain of about ten or eleven miles in length by nearly eight broad, and beautifully interspersed with villages and country-seats. It is entirely covered with gardens and vineyards, producing
corn, wine, oil, fruits, vegetables, and the currants so re- nowned for their excellence, as well as the quantity annually
exported—abundant years yielding above 6,000,000 lbs. Moreover, the springs of mineral pitch at the end of this plain—opposite the small isle of Marathonisi (Marathe)—
visited and described by Herodotus so long ago as the fifth century before our era, are still skimmed for economic purposes, so that about 100 tons of bitumen are procured from
them every year. The epithet, however

6\risi$, nemorosa —of Homer and Virgil, is no longer applicable to Zante,
the only wood on the island being the olive-groves on the
great plain. The town is on the north side of Monte Scopo
(Elatos mons), and has a capacious mole.
56 THE SHORES AND ISLANDS
stamphane. About fourteen miles to the south of Zante, lie the twosmall islets vulgarly called Stamphane' or Strivali ; on the
largest of which there is a strongly-fortified convent, with a
capital garden, and an abundant supply of excellent water. They were anciently assigned to Elis, under the nameStrophades; but they are now the property of Zante.
Cerigo. Quitting Zante for the remaining island included in the
Septinsular Republic, we have to sail upwards of forty
leagues to reach Cerigo,* the ancient Cythera, a mountainous island with well-cultivated valleys, and a fair pro- duce in corn, wine, oil, cotton, fruit, cattle, sheep, and goats.
Midway between Cerigo and Candia are some lesser deCerigotto. pendent islets, of which Cerigotto (JEgilia) is the only oneof consideration. We must now return to the mainland
;
but further statistical details of the Seven Islands will befound at the end of this chapter.
Though the arts, sciences, virtues, and glories of Greece
have waned, and many of her river-gods have nearly ex- hausted their urns, still her soil, her climate, mountains,
and valleys, remain as of old ; and though the sometimes
mawkish ecstasy of the classic enthusiast may be eschewed,
he is not to be envied who can traverse such a country
without emotion. Thus, from vivid recollections, the whole
shores of the Gulf of Corinth which we have so recently
passed, teem with interest to scholars, patriots, and artists
;
and we return to the southern castle of the Dardanelles of Lepanto, to resume the clue with invigorated incitement.
The Morea. The Morea (Peloponnesus) has been compared in shape
to a mulberry-leaf; but more probably it derived its namefrom the Slavonian word for maritime, though others insist that it is so called from this country having been the first to which silkworms, with the moms-tree, were imported
* This Italianized orthography is here used, because it is adopted by the Ionian government, though Tzerigo (pronounced Cherigo) is used by the modern Greeks. It is a Slavonian name, introduced by the settlers called Tzacones, in the eighth and ninth centuries.
OF WESTERN GREECE. 57
from Persia. Its coasts are deeply indented with bays and
islets : while the interior forms an elevated table-land, traversed by numerous ridges of hills, which enclose spacious
basin-plains ; and there are also other extensive and fertile grounds, producing, even under imperfect culture, corn,
cotton, silk, oil, flax, tobacco, gums, galls, currants, and
most other fruits. Timber is obtainable, notwithstanding
the lamentable devastation which the forests have undergone, in great part by the wanton rapacity of the inhabitants themselves; and fine pines, planes, chestnuts, and
oaks, still clothe the inland mountains, especially in Arkadhia (Arcadia). The acorns of the Quercus cegilops, sold as a mordaunt in dyeing black, and known as the valania of commerce, are exported in considerable
quantities.
From the Morea Castle, a sandy beach turns south-west- Patras- ward to the landing-place and mole of Patras (Patrce),
which beautifully-situated city stands on an elevated ridge
projecting from a declivity of Mount Voidhia (PaTiakaicum) ; but the grounds around are unhealthy in the season of
malaria. The semicircular bay here presented is bold and
clean, with gradual soundings and good anchorage all along,
where the largest ships can ride in perfect safety. Rounding Cape Papas, the south-west extremity of the Gulf of
Patras, a deep bay is found between it and Cape Tornese,
in the bottom bight of which are the Venetian ruins of Klarenza, near the ancient Gyllene,—a place said to give
their title to the English dukes of Clarence. From Cape
Tornese (Chelonatas prom.) to the next projecting headland, Cape Katacolo, the shores are low and wooded, and
on the summit, near the middle, stands Castel Tornese, an Castei Tor- ... . nese* old Venetian fortress, with an inconsiderable village ; below
it there is a creek that affords occasional shelter to small
vessels, into which the Iliaco (Peneius) discharges its waters, after flowing through the vestiges of Palseopoli
(Elis), and past the unhealthy town of Gastuni (CEnoe f).
58 THE SHORES AND ISLANDS
Passing Cape Katacolo (Ichthys), and standing to the
south, we enter a large open bay called the Gulf of Arkadhia, on the southern part of which the shores rise in a succession of woody hills, while the northern merges into the low maritime plains of the Eleia, through which flow the river Kufeia and its tributaries. This stream, the prinAipiieius. cipal river of the Morea, is the ancient Alpheius, the name of which is but slightly traceable in Rufeia ; it has
its source a little beyond Mount Pholoe, and flowing in a
westerly direction through the vales of Elis and Olympia*disembogues into the sea through a marshy beach, below
the thriving town of Pyrgo (Pyrgi). South-eastward of
this mouth, and below the Skala Rufeia, are the extensive
lagoon fisheries of Giagiapha and Kaiapha : where, by good
engineering, this river might be made to facilitate the trade
of the interior. But the unwholesomeness of the air must
not be forgotten.
Passing Cape Konello (Cyparissium prom), the
southern point of the Gulf of Arkadhia, and the coast-isle of Prodano (Prote), we arrive at the excellent and spacious
harbour of Navarino (Pylus), formed by the main on the
east, by the peninsula of Pale'o Avarino on the north, and
in front by the long narrow isle called Sphagia (Sphacteria),
which defends it from the sea-winds. The entrance is at the south end of this isle, nearly opposite to the new town
and fortress of Navarino (Neo-Castro), which stand on a
promontory running out from the foot of Mount Lykodamo(Temathia).
Four miles and a half to the south of Navarino is the
Modem. fortified town of Modon (Methone prius Pedasus), with the
islands of Sapienza and Skhiza, or Cabrera ((Enussce), near
it. The space between this and Cape Gallo (Acritas
Prodano.
Navarino.
* From the probability of votive offerings to the Alpheius, at the Olympic
games, and other sacrifices, my late friend, Sir Patrick Ross, then Governor
of Zante, was desirous of promoting a party to drag that river in 1820. The
Greek outbreak, in that very year, thwarted the project.
OF WESTERN GREECE. 59
prom.) forms a large bay, carrying deep water very nearly
to its respective shores. Off Cape Gallo lies the isle of Venetico (Theganusa), with the Mourmaki rocks (Thyrides)
to the south of it ; and at about thirty-four miles south- eastward of the latter is Cape Matapan (Tcenarum pi*om.),
forming the headlands of the Gulf of Koron (Messeniacus Koron. sinus). Near the head of this gulf the rivers Bias and
Pyrnatza (Pamisus) empty themselves, not far from the
town of Kalamata (Calamce) ; between that and Matapan,
the most noted places are Kitries (Gerenia), Porto Yitylo vityio. ((Etylus), and Djimova, or Tzimova : the two last forming
a united firm of very free traders, who dread nothing but
the south-west gales, which beat dead upon their shores, and
shut their vessels in,—yet these co-acting ' powers' cordially
hate each other. The two sides enclosing this expanse of waters present widely different features : on the west stands the city of Koron (Mpea f), one of the most commercial
places in the Morea, in a fertile country covered with olive grounds and gardens ; while the eastern side is formed by
the mountainous and craggy declivities of Mount St. Elias, or Makryno (Taygetus), inhabited by the Mainotes, an Mount unsubdued people of the Braccio, or district of Maina, the
ayge tract we are treating of. The shores are exceedingly bold-to, there being a depth of 120 fathoms at a short distance
from the shore ; and at a league out I found 479 fathoms.
The coast of Maina, on both sides, is serrated with coves, Maina. and inaccessible retreats, which till very recently were the
resort of the most determined and barbarous pirates in the
Mediterranean.
Respecting the geological condition of this neighbour- Geology, hood, M. Bobbaye, in his memoir on the alterations pro- duced by the sea on calcareous rocks along the shores of Greece, by examining the littoral caverns worn in the limestone cliffs, and noticing the lithodomous perforations, came
to the conclusion that there are four or five distinct ranges
of ancient sea-cliffs, one above the other, at various eleva-
60 SHORES ETC. OF WESTERN GREECE.
tions in the Morea, which attest as many successive elevations of the country. There is a volcanic mass at Modon,
which was described by Strabo, resembling the Monte
Nuovo near Baise, in Italy.
Koiokythia. Rounding Cape Matapan, and between it and the isle of Cervi (Onugnathus), lies another spacious gulf, namely,
that of Koiokythia (Laconicus sinus), with water altogether deep, there being no bottom to be found with 350
fathoms of line at two leagues from the shore, the lead only
striking ground at a near approach. The Ma'inote shore,
by Porto Kaio or Quaglio (Amathus), and other coves, presents a cheerless assemblage of rugged precipices and rocky
mountains. But after passing Marathonisi, or Fennel Isle (Cranae), we arrive at the head of the gulf, where the
Eurotas. Vasili-potamo (Eurotas), or Royal River, discharges itself, near the three islets Trinisi (Trinasi), after its course through the long valley that slopes between the two ranges
of mountains, which detach themselves from the central highland near Megalopolis, the principal town. These projecting into the sea, form the promontories of Matapan
(Tamarium) and St. Angelo, or Kavo Malea (Mated). The
Vasili-potamo — sometimes called Iri —is navigable for boats at its entrance ; and on the banks of a small tributary
about eight leagues inland, is the city of Mistra (Messe of Homer), an important post for the defence of the ancient
Sparta or Lacedwmon, from which it lies about four miles,
nearly due west. The best anchorages on the east side of
the gulf, are Port Rupina (Asopus) and the Bay of Vatica
(Boeaticus sinus), between Cervi and Cape St. Angelo.
61
§ 8. The Archipelago, Black Sea, and Levant.
IN consequence of the hydrographical treaty I made at Paris in November, 1820, which is particularized in Part IV., my own acquaintance with the regions above
named was restricted to a couple of cursory visits along the
east coast of the Morea, the shores of Attica, some of the outermost of the Cyclades, and the west end of Candia.
But as I possess exact information from such authorities as Gauttier, Beaufort, Graves, and other experienced friends,
the rapid sketch here given may be relied upon ; at least, so far as it serves to fill up the proposed outline of the
Mediterranean Sea. From Cape St. Angelo (Malea prom.) the east coast of East coast the Morea commences ; and passing the singularly situated Morea. town of Monembasia, commonly called Napoli di Malvasia
(Minoa near Epidaurus Limera), it trends northward to the Gulf of Nauplia (Argolicus si/nus) ; and as the city of Argos is a mile arid a half inland, the principal town and
port of the gulf is Napoli di Romania (Wauplia), with a
fortress of some strength at the foot of Mount Palamides,
admirably placed both for defence and commerce. The
eastern side of this gulf—along the shores of the ancient
Hermione—has many bays and islets ; and between it and
the Gulf of iEgina, are the barren islands of Spetzia and Spetzia. Ydhra or Hydra (Tiparenus and Aperopia), with their de- pendent rocks, among which the most remarkable is that of Poro (Calaurea). Here the activity and industry of the
natives have wrung advantages from sterility, proving the
triumph of moral over physical action ; and when I visited them, although nearly all Greece was in a state of torpor,
they had formed a kind of independent republic, and were
62 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
Hydra. the carriers of a large portion of the Levant trade. Hydrathen had upwards of 4000 excellent seamen, and about 150ships, of which no fewer than 80 were of 300 tons burdenand upwards, and most of them well manned and armed.Such was the rock of which it was said, that its layer of
soil was so thin, as not to afford the Hydriotes sufficient earth to bury their dead. From the Gulf of Nauplia we will now run round the
MgetL-a Sea. coasts which form the periphery of the iEgean Sea, andafterwards glance at the numerous islands with which that space is studded. The name of this sea, by the way, has
undergone various corruptions. Tradition delights in refer- ring its designation to the death of iEgeus ; but Strabo de- duces it from an islet called Mgee (Alyai). Some derive it from Aiycuov TrsXayos-, fancifully assumed to mean the GoatSea ; but the Venetians of the Levant seem to have first used the term ' Arcipelago/ for it does not appear that the
Greeks ever used such a word, nor is it likely they would.
From that came the general use of Archipelago ; and this led to the Arches of English sailors
!
Between the capes of Skyllo and Colonna (Schyllommand Sunium) the Gulf of Enghia (Saronicus sinus) separates the Morea from the continent of Greece on the east. It is serrated with bays and good anchorages, the mostfrequented of which are Kalavria (Calaureia), Pidavro
(Epidaurus), Kenkries (Cmchreice), Kalamaki (Schcenus),
Koluri (Salamis), and the famous Porto Leone (Peirceus)
of Athens. Nearly in the middle of this interesting gulf, stands the Enghia of Venetian seamen ; but Dapper is right in saying that name is not known to the natives
(Archipel., p. 138), among whom it seems to have always
borne its ancient name, JUgina. It is a hilly island with
fertile valleys, about six leagues in circumference, and with a population of nearly 4000. Porto Leone, with its de- pendent coves (Munychia and Phalerum), though small,
and exporting little except oil, is a very convenient and
Gulf of Enghia.
Salamis.
Peiraeus.
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 63
completely sheltered port for a limited number of vessels of
size, which can ride in from four and a half to nine fathoms
water ; at least, such were the soundings early in 1820, and
there is not much alteration to be apprehended from the
small percolation of the supplies now yielded by the nearly
exhausted urns of the Cephyssus and Ilyssus. The air, however, of Athens is singularly dry and elastic, delicious and wholesome.
Rounding Cape Colonna and the Temple of Sunium, Cape Co- we pass the long rocky Macronisi (Helena) and its port of Mandri; and at about three leagues more to the northwards, we enter Port Raphti (Prasice), the finest harbour on the Athenian coast, taking its modern name from a
sedent statue, considered to be in a tailor's attitude. Still further on, we reach the beach which margins the famous
plain of Marathon, and arrive at the boundary of Bceotia. Lying along these coasts, is the island of Negropont (Maoris Negropont. post Euboea), the south-east point of which is Cape Mandili
(Gercestus prom.), and the north-west is Cape Lethada
(Genceum prom.). They are about ninety miles apart, the
intervening land being elevated ; insomuch that Mount
Elias, above Karystus, is 4750, and Mount Delphi (Dirphe)
7300 feet above the sea. Negropont is separated from the
main by the Egripo (Euripus), a channel so narrow at Euripus. about half its length, that the two shores are connected by
a bridge ; whence it has been inferred that Euboea was torn from the Boeotian coast by an earthquake, or some other
convulsion. Running along the outer and precipitous, iron- bound shores of Negropont, we find the narrow channel
of Trikhiri separating Thessaly and the northern end of Euboea ; the form of which will be best understood by a
reference to the charts. Trikhiri is a busy commercial town Trikhiri. on the eastern shore of the entrance to the great gulf of Volo (Pagaseticus sinus) ; but leaving this on our right,
and sailing westward, we enter the bay of Zituni (Maliacus
sinus), in the south-west angle of which, and on the side
64 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
Thermo- of Mount (Eta, is the celebrated pass of Thermopylae,Passing the Lithada islets, and turning down the channelTaianta. of Atalante or Talanta (Opuntius sinus), the depth of thewater appears to correspond with the height of the land,for under Mount Telethrius no bottom is found with 220fathoms of line within half a mile of the shore It thenshoals gradually towards Egripo, where the channel is only100 yards wide ; south of this it again opens out, and thereare several good anchorages on the coast of Negropont,especially among the Petalio (Petalice) Islands.
skyro. Off the middle of the outer coast is the island of Skyro(Scyros), which is, as some imagine ^yiupos implies, bothrugged and rocky ; but its shores are bold-to. NorthKhmidromi west of Skyro, and off the Trikhiri Channel, is the Khilli- dromi (Peparethus) group of islands, trending to the northeast across the entrance of the Gulf of Salonica, to theextent of about forty miles. These are Skiatho (Sciathus),
the westernmost isle, Skopelo (Scopelus), Khelidromi(Halonesus), Sarakino, or Peristeri (Eudemia), Seanghero(Skandyle), Pelago (Solymnia), Ioura (Jos), Piperi (Peparethus), and several other stony and uninhabited islets. Returning to the main, north of this rocky group, andbetween Cape San Dimitri (Sepias prom.) and Kassandra(Posidium prom.), an extensive gulf penetrates into Macedonia ; at the head of which is the important harbourSalonica. and entrepot of Salonica (Thessalonica), a city of 60,000inhabitants, and one of the most commercial places in Turkey. The coast which forms the west side of this fine
inlet exhibits a magnificent range of mountains, including
Mount Plessidi (Pelion) 5200 feet high, Kissavo (Ossa) 6100 feet, and Elymbo (Olympus), which last is 9850 feet above the
sea. The river Salambria (Peneus) runs through the Bogaz,
or celebrated vale of Tempe, thence between the bases
of Elymbo and Kissavo, and into the Gulf of Salonica
:
from the exposure of the strata in its course through
the hills, it is suggested that some great cataclysm
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 65
broke through the range, and drained the great basin of Thessaly : this being the process by which Nature has
often contrived to get rid of lakes, and to substitute dry
lands in lieu of them ; factas ex cequore terras—thus, in time, yielding bread in place offish. Eastward of this gulf, and separated from it by the
peninsula of Kassandra (Pallene), the deep bay anciently
called the Toronaicus sinus is passed, and that of Monte Monte
. Sallt0 Santo (Singitius sinus) entered. The latter gulf is divided from the following one of Contessa, or Rendina
(Strymonicus sinus), by the Agion-oros, or Holy Mountain of the modern Greeks, the famous Athos of their forefathers. This has been considered an extraordinary mount
in all ages ; among the ancients, from the fancies of Xerxes,
Dinocrates, and those who told of its extravagant elevation ; and among the moderns, from its numerous churches,
monasteries, and monks. Its height is now pretty well known to be about 6500 feet, and its summits are seen even from Cape Sigeum and the plain of Troy. Its precipitous slopes descend at once into an almost unfathomable
sea, as from 80 to 100 fathoms are carried to within a
quarter of a mile of it ; and many trading vessels keep under
sail while embarking their cargo of nuts and other fruit. The waters between Monte Santo and the Dardanelles
are broken into two large divisions by the mountainous
island of Tasso (Thasos) ; and the mainland is again Thasos. indented by the Gulfs of iEnos (Stentoris palus) and Saros (Melus sinus). The former receives the River Maritsa
(Hebrus) the source of which is in the Balkan mountains
(Hcemus) : it is navigable for large boats to Adrianople, the
second city in Turkey. Off Saros lie the abrupt islands of Samothraki (Samothrace) and Imbros ; and in the middistance, between Monte Santo and the Dardanelles, is the
quadrilateral Stalimini, or Lemno (Lemnos), with two ports, Lemnos. of which that on the south has considerable capacity, though
it has not yet obtained the importance which its maritime
F
66 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
Tenedos.
Anatolia.
Scala.
Smyrna.
population would appear to demand. About six leagues to the south-west of this port lies the isle of Ayio-Strati(Nea), with a village and roadstead, and the very smalladjoining islets, called Roubos and S. Apostoli, whence it had anciently a name in the plural number

Nece. It wassacred to Minerva, but latterly has only been notable for its export of velanidi, or valania. Runningour coast-directory eastward from Saros, we shall pass the mouth of the Dardanelles without stopping for thepresent ; but going between the straight coast which trendsfrom Cape Janizary (Sigeum) to Cape Baba (Ledum),and Taushan-adassi (Lagussce) or Hare isles, and Tenedos
which still retains its ancient name—we pass the sandy beachskirting the Plain of Troy, extending to the base of Mount Gargarah (Ida), which is 5700 feet high. Here commences thewestern coast of Anatolia, the country of the East ancientlycalled Asia Minor, which stretches away to the southwardsas far as Cape Krio (Cnidus), and beyond it. Throughoutits whole extent the shore is indented by a rapid succession ofbays and coves, sprinkled with islands and islets, and teeming with anchorages and loading-places, though there is little trade except in timber, oil, wool, and valania. Someof these stations have scala as an addition to their names: a term signifying ladder or stairs, because such aids werecommon in harbours. This term is so much used in theLevant that the phrase fare scala, in the language of thenative seamen, means to touch at any port ; and in manyplaces on this coast, where the shore is very steep, therewere nights of steps cut in the rocks, to facilitate landing.
Among the bays and ports of this interval, the first andmost important, in a maritime and commercial view, is Smyrna, the third city in Turkey, at the head of the fine gulf of that name. Here the population is estimated at not less than 70,000 ; and it is the great emporium of theLevantine trade. The nations of Europe have each a consulresident at Smyrna ; and there has long been a distinct
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 67
quarter of the town allotted to the European inhabitants,
who are under the especial protection of their respective
consuls, and enjoy great privileges. The beautiful suburb
of Bournabad is interspersed with handsome houses, in the midst of gardens and vineyards. Between Smyrna
and Cape Krio are several deep bays, the first being that
of Scala-nova (Neapolis), between which and the ruins of Claws on the north, the river Mendere (Caystrus), after flowing under the remains of Ephesus, enters the sea

then follow the Gulf of Mandeliyah (Bargyliacus vel Jassicus sinus), into which flows the tortuous Maddro
(Meander) ; the Gulf of Kos, or Boudrum (Ceramicus
sinus) ; and the Gulf of Doris (Doridis sinus). These, from
the abundance of fine havens and anchorages, possess extra- ordinary capability, although, in a maritime and commercial
sense, they are greatly neglected; but nothing can lessen
their interest to the antiquary and the scholar, for the whole
space teems with vestiges of ancient skill, energy, and power.
Such are the shores which bound the waters of the
Archipelago on the west, the north, and the east. The
south is marked by a range of islands extending in a
crescent from the Morea to Asia Minor, with its convexity
towards the Levant Basin. The western branch of this curve has the large island of Candia, or Kriti (Crete), as its Candia bulwark, an island which, though mountainous, is fairly cultivated and very productive. In the centre rises Mount
Psitoriti, from 'T^Xopsiriov (Ida), which rises to the elevation of upwards of 6700 feet, with a bare summit, but the
ramifications are covered with forests ; and it not only
serves as an excellent landmark to sailors, but is also a means of ascertaining the state of the atmosphere, and
consequent weather at sea. The north coast is serrated with ports and bays, but the south side presents nearly a rugged front to the on-shore winds ; passing vessels, therefore, are not wont to go between the Gozze isles (Claudos
of St. Paul), although there is ample room between them
F 2
68 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
and the main. The country is singularly beautiful ; butalthough it affords wine, oil, fruit, cotton, silk, honey, wax,
cheese, soap, liquorice, and timber for export, its trade
under Ottoman rule and restriction—is comparatively small
in regard to its fertility and capacity. Candia is forty-six
leagues long by about ten broad, at its widest part. Theprincipal maritime resorts are Grabusa (Coryca), in the
Castro or fort of which I obtained permission to make a
station ; Canea (Cydonia) ; and from thence rounding CapeMaleca (Ciamon prom.)—called Acrotiri by the natives
we enter the most spacious harbour of the island, sailing
between the fortified islet of Suda (Leucce) and the paleocastro of Aptera. Keeping to the east we find Armyro(Amphimalla), Retimo (Rithymna), Candia (Cytcewni),
Megalo-castron (Matium), Spinalonga (Chersonesus), andSitia (Mia) ; all of which bear substantial evidence of the
skill, wealth, and power of the Venetians.
Rhodes. At the opposite or north-east portion of the crescent in question stands Rhodes, a very considerable island, andthe key of the important pass which it commands. Its northern shores are low, rising inland to a high and tabled
mountain ; the southern declivities of which end in a sandy
but tolerably fertile soil. On the north-east extremity of
the island are its two well-known harbours, over the
entrance to the smaller of which stood the celebrated Colossus of brass : but Rhodes is of higher interest in a
nautical point of view, on account of its inhabitants—whofor ages ruled the Mediterranean Sea—having promulgated
a very early code of Laws, which became the standard for the decision of controversies relative to maritime affairs throughout the whole of Europe.
Scarpanto. Nearly midway from Rhodes towards Candia, the
barrier between the Archipelago and the south-eastern part
of the Mediterranean is completed by the mountainous and
arid island of Scarpanto (Carpathus) and its dependants,
Caxo (Casos), Caxopulo, with some smaller rocks : the
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 69
word pulo is of frequent occurrence in modern Greek, and
is merely a diminutive form—perhaps derived from the
Latin ulus—used to express a subsidiary islet. The ancients, in order to systematize the wilderness Division
. . . . . ofthe before them, and facilitate reference, divided the islands of islands. the Archipelago into two distinct portions—the Cyclades
and the Sporades : the former were thus named from their lying in something like a circular position around Delos

the latter signifying dispersed, from their scattered position
along the coast of Anatolia. Those on the left of a
navigator sailing through the middle of the iEgean towards
the Hellespont, were considered as belonging to Europe ; those on the right, to Asia Minor. And this has generally
been observed, saving that Dionysius Pariegetes, in his geographical hexameters, expressly claims Delos and its neighbours for Asia. Since the recent recognition of Hellenic independence, these groups may be denominated
the Greek islands, and the Turkish.
The Cyclades comprehend about half a hundred isles Cyclades. and islets, besides many smaller rocks, of which few only are worthy of consideration. They are generally hilly and arid,
with a bleak aspect ; but though few of them have many
trees, and there is a general sterile appearance, most of their
levels and valleys are productive, especially of fruits. The
first in modern importance is Milo (Melos), having a very Miio. capacious harbour, and a nautical population, from whom the
pilots for this sea are generally selected. It is of volcanic
origin, rising at Mount St. Elias to the height of 2000 feet, and though without running water, is fertile. But Axia, Axia. called by the Italians Naxia (Naxos), is the largest component of the group, of which it is styled the Queen ; it is without a port for shipping, but its surface is diversified by
hills, valleys, and plains, and it is tolerably well wooded and
watered. Paros, two leagues west of Naxia, so celebrated Paros. for its white marble, although possessing the best harbours
in this sea, has but a trifling commerce, its exports being
70 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
Siphanto.
Santorini.
Syra.
Myconi.
Delos.
Andros.
confined to a small quantity of cotton, and a little wax andhoney. Its finest port is Naussa (A'gusa), on the north,
but its shores are said to be so very unhealthy, from themalaria of the neighbouring marshes, that it is comparatively deserted.* Siphanto (Siphnos) is supposed to befull of mineral wealth—Serpho (Seriphus) yields iron
Thermia (Gythnus) is valued for its mineral springs andexcellent fruits—Policandro (Pholegandros), though rocky,
affords good wine —Santorini or St. Irene (Thera), which,
as well as its adjacent subsidiaries, was thrown up by vol- canic agency within the reach of history, some even in the
beginning of the eighteenth century, exports wine andclothing—Nio (Ios), though rocky and rugged, has an in- dustrious population—Syra (Syros) is a place of trading
enterprise—Tzia or Yea (Geos) has one of the finest ports
in the Archipelago—Tino (Tenos) is a rugged but well- inhabited place, in good repute for honesty and industry
Myconi (Myconus), with its commercial population, is divided by a narrow channel from the small but celebrated,
and once sacred Delos, now Sdili. There are also Argentiera(Gimolus), Amorgo, known by its former name, Nio (Ios),
Stampalia (Astypalcea), Ghioura (Gyarus), Sikino (Sicinos),
Polina (Polycegos), Skino (Schinussa), and many smaller
islets : whilst the most northerly and one of the largest of the Cyclades is Andros—still retaining its ancient name;
fertile, but not possessing the advantage of a safe harbour,
it was rarely visited by strangers. It is separated from* Sonnini, who was here in 1780, a very few years after the Russian fleet, under Alexis Orloff, had made the Port their station, says, that ' such is the
rapidity with which everything is destroyed in Turkey, that not a vestige remained of the Muscovite works when he was there.' Now, I am assured by my friend, the Rev. Gr. C. Renouard, formerly our chaplain at Smyrna,
that when he visited the place in 1815, the Russian establishments were so
little dilapidated, that immediate occupation might have been taken : and
even since their violent destruction in the late war of extermination, Captain Graves informs me that the ruins are still very extensive, and easily to be
traced ! We shall have to return to M. Sonnini in the next chapter for assertions of still greater freedom.
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 71
Negropont by a strait named the Bocca Silota, or Capo
d'Oro passage ; but how ' Bocca Silota' came upon the maps
and charts is a mystery, for it is neither Italian nor Greek

the Turkish Boghaz may have brought Boccasi, but the
lota is unknown. Between Andros and Scio, lie the two
dangerous rocks called Kaloyeri, which appear to have been
thrown up by a volcano. The Sporades, the other great ^Egean group, are scat- Sporades. tered to the east of the Cyclades, with which in fact several of them are intermixed, where they form, as already mentioned, a chain along the coast of Anatolia, between Samos
and Rhodes inclusive ; a space comprehending the ancient
Icarian and Carpathian seas. Of these islands, the most
important, next to Rhodes, is Samos, the inhabitants of Samos. which are in higher esteem for industry than for honesty

they export silk, wool, fruits, wine, and oil ; and the flanks
of the snow-clad Mount Keris are clothed with good timbertrees. Patino (Patmos), interesting as the place of the Patmos. Apocalypse, is rugged and unproductive ; Stanco (Cos) is exuberantly fertile, and much frequented by traders ; Ni- Nicaria. caria (Icaria) is not in very great repute for industry;
Kalolimno (Calymna) is very mountainous, and celebrated
for its excellent honey ; and next to it is Lero (Leros), a Leros. stony spot, producing fine fruit. There are also the Kharki
(Choice) islets, Piscopi (Telos), Nisari (Nisyrus), and many
scattered smaller ones. Among these, several trachytic rocks
have risen from the bottom of the sea, and added to the
general number.
Of the islands on the coast of Anatolia not included in the Sporades, three are entitled to be here especially named

because, together with Samos, Cos, and Rhodes, political
geography assigns them to Asia Minor. These are Mytilini
(Lesbos), a fertile, well-wooded, and healthy island, furnished Lesbos, with spacious and safe harbours, whence its produce is largely exported ; Ipsara (Psyra), a barren rock brought ipsara. by the maritime energy of its natives into high importance

and thirdly, Scio (Chios), covered with beautiful groves and Scio.
72 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
gardens, and esteemed the most fruitful and fertile spot in the Archipelago. This terrestrial paradise enjoyed great
immunities from the Porte ; but the inhabitants having,
though reluctantly, joined their brother Greeks in the recent
insurrection, were indiscriminately massacred by their re- vengeful masters the Turks, and the whole island wasreduced to one scene of hideous desolation. Indeed the
blind and bigoted fury of their Musulman adversaries
caused the destruction of Scio to be among the most tragic events of the late dreadful struggle.
Navigation Such is the Archipelago : the navigation of which is
Archipe- easy and pleasing enough in general, most of the islands being high, as well as precipitous and bold-to, with a delicious climate. But a good look-out must be kept, for there are very sudden and fresh squalls ; and at times there is muchbad and even dangerous weather in the winter. In such
cases, the waves, having little room to extend themselves,
make a confused sea, rising to a considerable height, andbreaking with fury against opposing coasts and rocks. Moreover, there is a very great depth of water between the
isles—usually no bottom with 1 50 fathoms of line out, at a short distance from the shore. These interesting islands are thinly peopled, and some of them may indeed be
considered as scarcely inhabited. There is, however, ananimated traffic, the imports being suited to the wants andwishes of the islanders, to most of whom necessity has given a seafaring disposition ; while their own moderate but
Produce, diversified exports consist of corn, wine, oil, raisins, olives and other fruits, honey, wax, wool, silk, cotton, sponges,
iron, alum, pitch, turpentine, sulphur, salt, timber, mastic,
gall-nuts, kermes, and velanidi. These articles enable themto supply much which is wanted by their more wealthy
neighbours.
Geological Besides the volcanic ravages at Santorin (Thera prius
Galliste), other great geological actions and reactions havetaken place in this sea. The long valley through whichchanges
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 73
the Meander makes its tortuous course, was clearly once River
lyripflnflfir. a gulf, reaching through the present brackish lake called Thalassa Bastarda (Latmus sinus), which washes the vestiges of Heraclea ; besides, the whole of its soil consisting of both sea and river deposits, affords further evidence of the fact. By the action of the waters of this river * it is that the isle of Laide, where the Athenian fleet took up a station Laide. A.C. 412, must have become part of the great alluvial plain
before Miletus, at the spot where, between the remains of that city and the present beach, a hill rises upwards of 300
feet above the general level : and the inhabitants both of Miletus and Ephesus were repeatedly obliged to change the
sites of their towns, and follow the receding sea. Pausanias
(Arcadics, ch. xxxiii.) says : ' There was an island, Chrysae, at Chrysae. no great distance by sea from Lemnos ; where they say, that in this island the misfortune from the hydra happened
to Philoctetes. The waves have overwhelmed this island
so that it has entirely disappeared, being lost in the abyss
of the sea. But there is another island, called Hiera, which
at that time did not exist. So temporary are human things,
and far from being durable/ The isle of Minoa, on the
coast of Megara, is lost ; and the harbour of Kos has been Km
filled up, as conjectured by Sir F. Beaufort, from the action
of the two great currents, the one sweeping westward from
the Levant, the other descending from the Dardanelles

these two meeting here, deposit the soil and materials with
which they are fraught. Besides the silting up of Kos, they
have raised an extensive alluvial point. But in earlier days
this region is suspected of having experienced changes of a
still vaster character; for many geologists have been of
opinion, that the islands of the iEgean Sea are really only
the summits of a country submerged by the irruption of the
* Strabo informs us that the Meander was indictable for mischief done
to the neighbouring lands by its floods: if any damages were granted
against the river, they were paid by those who rented its ferries.
74 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
Dardanelles
Deluge. Black Sea ; and this notion is supported by their general
aspect, most of them appearing to have been exposed to the
ravages of a violent inundation, which, washing away the
soil, left only the denuded surfaces of rock. Two of the
floods which may have effected this are on record,—namely,
the Ogygian deluge by which Bceotia and Attica were overflowed, and that which ravaged Samothrace and the coast of Asia Minor ; and both are usually ascribed to an irrup- tion of waters from the Black Sea. The Samothracian
deluge is described in a fragment of the lost work of Strato
of Lampsacus, which is preserved in Strabo, and which led Eratosthenes to investigate, though without a satisfactory
result, the problem of the uniformity of level in all external
seas flowing round continents. Returning to the Dardanelles (Hellespontus), this beautiful strait, which forms the avenue, as it were, to the Sea
of Marmora (Propontis), separates Europe from Asia at
this particular point ; and—unlike Homer's broad water
it resembles an immense river flowing majestically between
two chains of elevated and exuberantly fertile mountains.
It is strongly fortified, and without rocks or hidden dangers,
having in some parts a depth of sixty fathoms, but generally
eight or nine fathoms within a mile of the shore ; it is narrowed towards the middle by the opposite points of Sestos and Abydos, where the strait is diminished from six
Gaiiipoii. or seven miles' breadth to 2700 yards. Passing Gallipoli
(Gallipolis), the principal trading-town of the Dardanelles,
sea of Mar- we enter the Sea of Marmora, so called from the modernname of Proconnesus, an island to the north of the peninsula
of Artaki, formerly the well-known Cyzicus. Hence, with
a fair wind, no further obstruction is presented to a ship's progress towards the ancient Demonesi, now Prinkipos or
Prince's Islands, a group lying just beyond the southern
point of the entrance to the Canal of Constantinople, andabout ten miles distant from that city. C
°no
ta
ie
tl" Upon a point of land washed by the Sea of Marmora on
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 75
one side, and by its port—the far-famed Golden Horn
(Chryso-ceras) —on the other, stands the grand city of Constantinople (Byzantium), the Stambul of the Turks, on
an undulating series of gentle declivities, and with a population of about 600,000 souls, including the suburbs of
Galata, Pera, and Topkkana. The Golden Horn has an
active trade by land and by water, traffic for which it is exceedingly well adapted, from the facilities of its excellent quays, and its easy ingress and egress. Moreover, the port
constantly cleanses itself, for the current which issues from
the Black Sea, striking against the Seraglio, or west point
of entrance, enters the Horn on one side, and, making a
circuit round it, sweeps out again along the opposite shore ; this rotatory current, combined with that produced by
several streams of fresh water emptying themselves into the
head of the harbour, carries off all the silt and impurities
which would otherwise damage it and cause obstructions. Between Constantinople and Scutari or Uskiudar, its Thracian suburb on the Asiatic shore, is the entrance of the Thracian
Bosporus, now called the Canal of Constantinople : it is here rather more than a mile in breadth, with depths vary- ing from sixteen to thirty fathoms, and the western shores mostly bold-to. From this mouth the channel extends, in a serpentine form, to the Black Sea, a distance of sixteen
miles, never narrowing to less than half a mile, with a great
mid-channel depth of water throughout, and a stream named
She'itan Akandi-si, that is, Satan's Current, setting southwards, at times very strong. It thus winds like a large
river between two chains of mountains, the summits of which are clothed with wood, their sides with cultivation,
and their bases with towns, villages, and fortified posts.
The tower of Leander, Kiz Kareh-si or Lady's Castle of the Tower of
. . . Leander. Turks, is on a rock in the canal, nearly opposite to Seraglio
Point, and just off the point of Scutari ; and at the entrance
of the Black Sea is a lighthouse on each shore,—one, the
Roum-illi fanar, that is, European lantern or lighthouse,
76 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
Cyaneae.
Black Sea.
Rivers.
Depth.
being on the ancient Panium promontorium,—the other,
that on the Asiatic side, standing on the ancient Prom. Ancyreum, so named, it is pretended, from the fragment of rock
taken from thence by the Argonauts, to be used as the first anchor. The group of volcanic islets once supposed to float, are here yet, still retaining, among western Europeans, their
classic name Cyaneae ; and on one are the remains of an
altar, dedicated to Augustus: they were also called the
Symplegades, and were the terror of ancient navigators.*
The Black Sea (Pontus Euxinus) is an inland basin
with a margin of coast generally elevated and rocky, having
a transverse diameter of about 650 miles from west to east, a conjugate one of more than 300, and an area of 172,000
square miles. Its modern name is supposed to originate
from the dense fogs which occasionally cover it, or the
danger of its navigation arising from these fogs : at all events, it was much dreaded by the ancients, who placed
their Cimmerian land of utter darkness on its northern
shores. Besides the fresh water from Asia Minor, it re- ceives some of the largest rivers in Europe, including the
Danube (Ister), Dnieper (Borysthenes),imd Dniester (Tyras),
the Don (Tanais), and the Kouban ; its waters are in con- sequence only brackish ; and it is singular that, with such a large and constant accession of fresh streams continually
pouring into it, any saltness should be retained. Its depth
in general is great, no bottom being struck with 150 fathoms
of line ; but off the mouth of the Danube the water deepens
very gradually, and nearly as much so from Serpent's Isle by Odessa to the Crimea. The streams of the great rivers produce strong currents, particularly in the beginning of summer, when they are increased by the melting of the
* There were several islands called the Asiatic Cyanese, near the Prom.
Ancyreum, vaguely mentioned by Strabo, Arrian, and Dionysius Periegetes
:
according to Petr. Gyllius (De JBosporo Thracico, ii. cap. 24) they were
rather more than seventy Roman paces (pasms) from those of Europe.
Where are they now ?
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 77
snows ; and when strong winds act against these Sowings, Weather. a chopping sea is produced, which in foggy weather is dangerous to small craft. Independently, however, of such
chances, the Black Sea is free from any dangers ; having,
with a trivial exception or two, neither islands, rocks, nor
reefs in the general track of navigation : and almost everywhere there are excellent anchorages, affording good riding
for the largest ships. Its trade consists of grain, wine, Trade, timber, charcoal, pitch, potash, fish, caviar, isinglass,
shagreen, salted provisions, cheese, poultry, butter, wool,
hides, hemp, tallow, honey, tobacco, salt, iron, copper, and
saltpetre ; but especially corn. The large body of water on the north-east of the Euxine, sea of called the Sea of Azof (Palus Mceotis), the Azak-deniz-i
of the Turks, has a surface of rather more than 13,000
square miles : and from the action of its rivers, its waters are rather brackish than salt. The navigation of
this subdivision of the Black Sea is impeded by the freshes of the Don, its general shallowness, numerous shoals, and
occasional ice ; nor can it be entered by shipping otherwise
than by the narrow strait of Taman or Yenikaleh (New
Castle), the ancient Cimmerian Bosporus. But notwithstanding these physical impediments, such are the advantages of moral exertions, that Taganrog, its chief port, is a Taganrog, place of considerable and increasing consequence, the value
of its import trade in 1850 being upwards of i?380,000, and
its exports about half a million.
It seems agreed among cosmogonists, that the Black Geological Sea, at a remote period, extended much further to the east
changes- and north than it now does, occupying the whole of the
vast plains and steppes that surround the Caspian and the
Sea of Aral, neither of which had then a separate existence;
the difference of their levels having arisen at later periods.
Their depth must probably alter materially, since the beds
of the rivers above-mentioned are charged with an extra- ordinary quantity of sand and slime, which from the rapidity
78 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
of their course they hold in suspension till they approachthe sea, where, spreading over a wider area, and flowing in a more gentle current, they deposit the substances broughtdown, so gradually that the elevation of their beds is almostimperceptible. Polybius, who states this as a cause for predicting the filling up of the Euxine in process of time,describes a shoal one thousand stadia in length before themouth of the Ister, at one day's sail from the land : this having long since disappeared, has no doubt become a partof the delta of the Danube. The Sea of Azof has manifestlycontracted its boundaries ; but this subject will be resumedin the next chapter.
Karamania. To return to the Levant Basin. Proceeding from theArchipelago eastwards along the shores of Asia Minor, thespace between Cape Symi—opposite Rhodes—and the Gulfof Iskanderun is called, by European geographers, the Coastof Karamania—from Karaman-ili, the land of KaramanAgha. It is broken into deep bays and gulfs, backed byhigh ranges of mountains, the Peak of Takhtahlu (table- topped), on the west side of the Gulf of Adalia, being 7800feet in height ; and beyond it, to the eastward, are thestill higher and ever-snowy summits of Taurus. Between the gulfs or bays of Symi and Makri (Glaucussinus), are several small ports ; but the north-west portion
is occupied by the extensive and land-locked haven of
Marmorice. Mermericheh or Little Marmora (Physais), the Marmoriceof our charts, which is a beautiful basin capable of affording asafe anchorage to the largest fleets. This was happily provedby the timely refuge it gave to our weather-stricken expedition under Lord Keith and General Abercrombie : yet it was actually unknown to the pilots of our armament, the
ships of which ran in before a furious gale, solely on the
authority of a note from Sir Sidney Smith. The immediately neighbouring harbour of Kara-aghatch, though less
YediBurun. commodious, is easier of access ; and beyond it the YediBurun (Cragus M.), or rugged peaks of the seven capes,
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 79
below Makri, bound the bay into which the River Kodja-chai
(Xanthus) discharges its waters, after flowing through the
pashalik of Meis (Lycia). Between that and Cape Khelidonia there are also numerous ports and creeks, whither
ships of any size may resort and refit with safety and facility,
the access being everywhere easy, from the boldness of the
shores. The principal of these, Kastelorizo or Castello casteiio Rosso, and Port Tristomo (Three Mouths), according to Admiral Beaufort, ' may be considered the more valuable,
as from hence to Syria there is but one land-locked harbour/
Water and refreshments, however, in the present desolate condition of the country, are scarcely obtainable. Capes Khelidonia (Sacrum prom.) and Anamur (Anamurium prom), form the headlands of the large Gulf of Gv¥°y
Adalia, the Pamphylian Sea of the old geographers. Off
the pitch of the former headland is a cluster of five islands,
two of which are large, and from 400 to 500 feet high, containing some creeks, in which small vessels may be sheltered. Passing several coves and islets which fringe the coast under
the magnificent mountain of Takhtahlu, we arrive at Adalia (Attalia vel Olbia), the largest city on this coast. From hence a lower shore, with occasional sandy beaches,
extends south-eastward to Cape Anamur, where the land
becomes bold and bluff. The produce of these parts, prin- Produce, cipally timber, gall-nuts, wax, honey, camel's-hair, and
liquid storax, is usually carried to Cyprus, and thence
re-exported : corn is embarked, though under prohibition.
From Cape Anamur, the southernmost point of Asia
Minor, a broken shore extends by Cape Cavaliere (Sarpedon prom.), Provencal or Manavat isle, and the projecting
sands of the ancient Zephyrium prom.—the deceitful Lingua di Bagascia of Frank navigators, also stigmatized
by the Turks as Lisan-el-Kahpeh (Harlot's mouth)—to the
Tersus-chai, river of Tarsis ; the maritime town (scala) of
Tersus, the present representative of the once powerful
city of Tarsus, about twelve miles inland. This river, the Tarsus.
80 THE ARCHIPELAGO,
Cydnus. Cydnus of old, which once received the stately galleys of
Cleopatra, is now inaccessible to any but the smallest boat. To the east of it is a deserted and marshy tract of country,
with a sandy beach, extending to Cape Kara-dutash
(Megarsus), or black rock, where the Gulf of Iskanderun
or Alexandretta (Issicus sinus) may be said to commence
;
most parts of it are unwholesome to a deadly degree. In
this bight is the boundary of Asia Minor.
Geological The south coast of Asia Minor exhibits indications of
changes. gradual changes in its littoral line, especially towards its eastern extremity, where the river Jaihun (Pyramus), byits volume of deposits, has produced an extensive arid
plain. c The low sandy point/ says Sir Francis Beaufort,
' pushed out by the Jyhoon, has already (1811) advanced
six miles beyond what appears to have been the original
line of the shore/ In the Gulf of Makry, on the contrary,
is the stately mausoleum of a warrior, which assuredly was
erected on the shore ; but it is now upwards of thirty yards
from it, and the sea covers at least two feet of its base. Thewalls of Telmessus also, in the Glaucus sinus, were
undoubtedly built originally on dry land, but are now like- wise surrounded by water : and at Kakara, in some places
three or four of the lower steps of house-doors, and the
foundations of the walls, are now beneath the surface of the
water. Caunus, which was a seaport in the time of Strabo,
is now two miles inland, and its harbour has become a
fresh-water lake, from whence the waters have a fall towards
the sea. Also the alluvial plains of Xanthus, Phineka,
Myra, and Makry, have increased considerably in thickness
of soil, since the time when the cities on those plains were
flourishing. The borings of marine animals show marks of upheaving ; and in the Gulf of Iskanderun, are still to be
seen the walls of a castle erected by the Saracens, now one
mile and a half from the shore, in which there remain the
rings to which the ships were formerly made fast. Sir
Francis thus describes a geological effect which he examined
BLACK SEA, AND LEVANT. 81
at the efflux of a lake near Cape Phineka : —' This lake is separated from the sea by a narrow ridge of sand and
gravel, the shape and limits of which are evidently prescribed by the opposing efforts of the currents within, and
of the sea without ; the former sweeps along its interior edge, and, perhaps, supplies it with fresh accession of matter from the mountains ; while the external surf rolls back the
loose gravel, and piles it up like a wall. It was pleasing
to observe in action, the causes which can thus enable a neck of fragile sand to resist the impetuosity of the ocean, while every day furnished instances of the most compact
rocks yielding to its violence/ The same intelligent officer also noticed what he designates a 'petrified beach/ at several places on this coast, where the upper slopes, to some distance into the sea, had become a solid crust of pudding-stone ; for which he assigns a similar cause to that which is already given for the consolidation of the Sicilian beaches : and he adds, that ' the unwary boat that should
mistake it for a common beach of yielding materials, and
should run on it before a following surf, might be fatally
apprized of its error/
The sea-board of Syria is an extent of about MO miles, coast of being bounded on the north by the mountains called
yna" Al-Lokam {Moris Amanus), which fall precipitously into the sea at Cape Khynzyr (Rhossicus Scopulus), the crown
of which (M. Pieria) is 5500 feet above the sea ; and it extends from the river Bayas (Issus), in the Gulf of Iskandenin, to the torrent Al-'Arish, which last separates it from
Egypt. A chain of lofty hills lines its whole length,
receding from one to eight leagues from the shore. Among
them Mount Lubnam, or Libanus, the far-famed Lebanon,
rises conspicuously to the height of 7100 feet. The shores between Tripoli and Tyre are principally hilly ; but present
in many places a large extent of low and flat coast, the
plains of which suffer severely from remittent fever and
dysentery in summer and autumn, from want of drainage.
G
82 THE ARCHIPELAGO.
The most frequented ports and trading-places are, theiskanderun. unhealthy and dilapidated Iskanderun ; Swaidiyah on the
Nahr-el-'A'si (Orontes) ; Latakia (Laodicea ad Mare) ; thefair town of Tarabolus (Tripolis), or Tripoli in the East
;
stir. Beirut (Berytus) ; Saida (Sidori) ; Sur (Tyre) ; 'Akka or Acra(Ptolema'is) ; Kaipha, under Mount Carniel ; Ka'isariyah
Jaffa. (Ccesared), a tolerable anchorage near a heap of ruins ; Jaffa (Joppa), the port of the western pilgrims of the Holy Land; Scalona (Ascalon), and Ghazza (Gaza), which is backed byvery fertile grounds. These places are resorted to by smallcraft only, in the fine season, for the whole is a dreadedExports, lee-shore in westerly gales. The principal exports are wine,olives, tobacco, cotton, silk, wool, fruit, sesamum, galls, andmedicinal plants ; but, from mismanagement, the trade is notbrisk,—or rather, its commerce is far inferior to what, fromits resources, might be maintained.
Geological The sea has considerably receded from some parts ofthe coasts of Syria ; while, on the other hand, at Beirut, there is a tower standing in the water, and remains of theancient marine works at Jaffa and Ka'isariyah are sub-merged. The island of Tyre is now united to the continent,
and some portions of its peninsula bear evidence of sub-mergence. While this coast, on the whole, affords aninstance of elevation, the vast adjacent valley from theJordan, through El Ghor to the Gulf of Akaba—the Aulonaof the Greeks, and Ccelo-Syria of the Romans —offers amost remarkable instance of the depression of land : it being reckoned at the Sea of Galilee to be 628 feet belowthe waters of the Mediterranean, and at the Dead Seamore than 1200 feet. This must have been the effect ofwhat is termed some violent ' convulsion of nature/ either by means of fire, water, or subsidence of strata.
Cyprus. In the north-east part of the Levantine Sea, at ten or twelve leagues south of the coast of Karamania, and abouttwenty leagues to the westward of Syria, is the large andonce famous island of Cyprus (Kunpos) ; once an important
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 83
kingdom, now a mere appanage of the Sultan's Grand
Vizier. Its length is 140 miles, by 50 at its greatest
breadth, narrowing gradually to the east ; it is traversed from east to west by a range of woody mountains, of which
Oros Troados (Olympus), the principal summit, is 6590 feet above the sea. It possesses the ports of Famagusta (At- Ports. sinoe), Limasol, Baffa (Paphos), Larnaka, and Ghyrna
(Geryneia), of which Famagusta is the chief. But though
the range mentioned extends through Cyprus, the greater
part of the island consists of fine plains, of which the soil is excellent; and even under imperfect cultivation yields
corn, wine, oil, carubbas, and other fruits ; and among its Produce, exports are also silk, cotton, wool, morocco-leather, soda,
salt, coloquintida, gum, laudanum, madder, cochineal, tur- pentine, tar, and pigments. The resources of the island
are, however, sadly depressed by misgovernment, the Grand
Vizier acting only by proxy. Having thus finished this section, which is principally a compilation, but from sources upon which implicit reliance may be placed, I now proceed to resume the result of my
own observation and experience.
§ 9. The North Coast of Africa.
ALTHOUGH it has been usual to commence Egypt at Egypt. Tineh (Pelusium), some geographers have restored
it to the ancient point El Arish (RhinocoTUTa), the
southern boundary of Syria, as ordered by Joshua nearly
3400 years ago (ch. xv. ver. 4 & 47) ; who also well described
its position on the 'river of Egypt,' a ravine receiving the
pluvial waters of various torrents. Between this and Tineh
are the moving sands called by the Hebrews Shur, and by the
Arabs Al Jofar, bordered by the Serbonian Pool,—a district never yet occupied by an enemy, and which, says Abulfeda,
g2
84 THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA.
is commonly known as the ' Sands of Egypt' (remel Misr).From this notable land-mark the shores of Egypt extend
at least did when I was there*—to Tlasal Kanais, about 115leagues to the westward (Hermea extrema) : they are generally low and arid, with occasional vast sandy downs andextensive marshes, thickly sprinkled with the round hillocks
called dhahars (rough hard backs). The central portion ofthis apparent waste is the far-famed Delta, formed by themouths of the Nile, the fertilizing nurse of the wholecountry of Mizraim. The annual inundation of this beneficent river is occasioned by the periodical rains of CentralAfrica : it commences about the summer solstice and continues till September, during which period the outpouringis very powerful, insomuch that fresh water may be skimmedoff the surface of the sea, at the distance of two or threemiles out in the offing.
The Egyptian ports are—Damyat, or Damietta (Tamiathis), a trading town among the marshes of the eastern
or Phatnitic mouth of the Nile; Rosetta, or Rashid,beautifully surrounded by palm-groves and gardens on thewestern or main mouth, known as the Bolbatic branch ; Al Bekur (Canopus), a castle and loading-place on the old Canopic mouth, in the bay to the west of Rosetta ; and theAlexandria, harbours of Alexandria, with two or three insignificant coves between the last-mentioned place and Ras al Kanais(Cape Churches). At these ports the European commerceof the country is carried on, and great quantities of imported goods are conveyed to markets in the interior. The chief exports are grain, rice, dates, fruit, cotton, flax,
silk, fine stuffs, wool, hides, ivory, ostrich feathers, gums,spices, and drugs —the corn being in quantity sufficient
still to stamp Egypt a granary ; and, unlike the time ofDamietta.
Rosetta.
Trade.
* This remark is made, because the Basha of Egypt has, since then, laid a kind of claim to the sovereignty of the whole coast of Marmarica, an
extent of about 320 miles.
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 85
Herodotus, beans are sown abundantly, and exported in large cargoes. The great emporium is Alexandria, a city
and port which the late Mehemet Ali rescued from a state of torpid decay, and raised to maritime importance ; and
when I visited him he had just completed that gigantic
undertaking, the Mahmudiyeh Canal, as described in my The Great
Canal. JEdes HartvielliancE, by which the trading vessels of the
Nile avoid the dangers of the Rosetta (Boghaz) Mouth.
It was anciently supposed that a great gulf once pene- Geology of trated from the Mediterranean into Egypt as far as Thebes

that the isle of Pharos was at a very considerable distance
from the main ; and that, therefore, the whole Delta is the
gift of the Nile.* This must have been the work of many
ages, for the general coast of Egypt, except in the secondary
changes,—as the silting up of Damietta since the thirteenth
century, the draining of Lake Mareotis, and the filling of
lagoons, —still answers the description which Herodotus
gave of it 2300 years ago. But by observing the coast about Gaza and Csesarea, and from thence to the Arab's
Tower (Taposiris), a line will show the extent to which
the Delta has advanced ; but this we must grant to be
of a date very remote, for the currents which sweep along
the north coast of Africa have prevented any rapid accession
to the alluvial soil of the Egyptian shore. From Egypt, proceeding westward along the south Barkah. margin of the Mediterranean Sea, we first reach the sterile and uninviting coast of the desert of Barkah, which extends
to Razatin, or Ras-er-Tyn (Cape Fig) ; but its exact boundaries are very uncertain, neither the Pasha of Egypt nor the
ruler of Tripoli having been able to tell me exactly where
their respective dominions ended. Although the designation
Libya was often applied to all Africa by the ancient Greeks,
* The vast lakes recently explored by the French frigate commanded by
Captain Bouet-Villauniez, within the Grand Bassam river, on the West
Coast of Africa, are on the site of the deep inlet which appears on Fra
Mauro's celebrated planisphere ; it is there designated the Golden Gulf.
86 THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA.
it was sometimes restricted to the sandy, waterless desert
(sitientes arenas)—between the Nile and the Cyrenaica, or country round Cyrene : this space was subdivided into Marmarica and Cyrenaica proper, the chief emporium of
Parato- the former being Parwtonium, of which the site is trace- able at the present Port Mohaderah (Zygio), point Has al Harzeit being sometimes called Cape Baratun, a corruption
of the ancient name. It is a curious coincidence, that
Ptolemy's Katabathmos magnus and parva are now called by the Arabs 'Akabah-ei-Kibir and 'Akabah-el-Sougha'ir,
the great and the little Descents :* the first being about900 feet high, and the second 500 feet; and whichsome geographers mark as the separation between Asiaand Africa, also as the western boundary of Marmarica.In the sea-board of this arid space there are the spacious
Tebruk. harbours of Tebruk (Anti Pyrgos or Tabraca), and Bombah (Bombcea vel Batrachus), with several smaller havensfor coasters : but not a vessel plied on those waters exceptforeign ones, and even those so seldom, that Tebruk andBombah. Bombah were unknown but by name when I first visited that coast. Indeed, between Alexandria and Benghazithere was not, at that day, a single native boat, or anymeans of embarkation ; a consequence of which was, thatwe found fish and seals in abundance.f
Passing the cove at Kas-er-Tyn (Chersonesus), be-tween it and Benghazi is the border of the mountainoustract called Jebel Akhdar, with the extensive remains ofCyrene. Grennah, or Kureineh (Cyrene), the which, with the sea infront and sands in the rear, encourages the idea of its
* Idrisi terms the first of these inclinations 'Akabah-el-Sollom, or
staircase descent ; whence the Port Sollom and Saloume of most of the early
Portulani. f I was told that the French Admiral, Gantheaume, who possessed great acquaintance with the Levantine shores, saved his squadron from the
British pursuers in 1801, by getting into Tebruk, a port of which our
officers were utterly ignorant. Had we known it, there had been no escape
for Gantheaume !
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 87
having been once an island. It certainly differs in climate,
aspect, wood, water, and resources, from all other districts between Syria and Tunis, well meriting its modern name,
which expresses ' the green mountain.' On the margin of
this space there are several small ports, but the only one
resorted to is Dernah (Darnis), which however did not, in Demah. 1817, possess an embarcation of any sort ; still vessels from
Alexandria and Tripoli called there to embark honey, wool, wax, and butter. In the bight between the points Ras-el- Hilal (Naustathmus) and Cape Kasat, is Marsa Susah
(Apollonia), a mere boat cove, though once the port of the Ports of the Penta- potent city of Cyrene, formerly so celebrated for its know- polls, ledge, riches, and splendour. On the hills above, at the
height of 1990 feet, its vestiges are to be seen from sea- ward ; and from thence to Benghazi are extensive ruins of the opulent cities of Dolmeitah (Ptolemais), Taukrah
(Teuchira), and other members of the Pentapolis.
Between Cape Rasat (Phycus prom.) and Mesratah The Great (Trierium and Cephalce), is the Gulf of Sidrah (of the
lotus), the once dreaded Syrtis major, the navigation of which even Strabo thought it. audacious to attempt : but
native pilots confine the designation to the space within
Ras Kharrah (Zuca T) and Ras Teyonas (Borium prom.)
Our researches have deprived this extensive bight of its terrors, and shown that while it is comparatively free from
danger, it is hardly worth the visits of shipping, there being in the whole space but one place deserving of being
called a port, and even that is only fit for small vessels. Such is Benghazi (Hesperis and Berenice), an insignificant Benghazi fortified town, which yet derives a considerable trade by
exporting cattle, dhurra Qtolchus sorghum), honey, wax,
wool, and manteca, or coarse butter : to these may be
added a little sulphur from the mines at the bottom of the
gulf, the which has induced the Au:abs to designate this Syrtis Joun al Kabrit. The castle holds the whole district in subjugation, though it is in such a dilapidated state, that
88 THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA.
on my arrival there Halil Bey requested me to dispense
with the usual salute, lest the concussion of the cannons
should injure the walls ; a fact already so well recorded byCaptain Beechey, in his excellent account of the Expedition
round the Syrtis (page 288).
Geological Syrtes was the name given by ancient geographers to
clitin°r £
, s these two great gulfs on the northern coast of Africa—the
Sounds of Barbary ;
' cursed and horrible places both/ says Philemon Holland, speaking English for Pliny. The Great
Syrtis, that which we have now arrived at (f, pceyaAoj 2^/jt/s),
had long been, from various obvious causes, unknown to navigation; insomuch that when I was first proceeding
thither in 1816, the only information I could procure, even
with the aid of the powerful Yussuf Basha, and his admiral,
Murad Beis (a renegade Scotchman originally named Peter
Lyell), proved that the gulf then was as great a bugbear as when the classical writers scared seamen about its fell shoals and whirlpools.* There can be no doubt, however, that it has changed its form, for it must once have penetrated
further into the interior, and in a measure communicatedwith that great desert which separates the two potent
human races—white and black —and gave birth to the
fabled strife of Osiris and Typhon. Benghazi was once
* Having placed some papers in the hands of that veteran and energetic
geographer, Major Rennell, on my return to England, I cannot but record an extract of a letter which he wrote to me, dated Nassau-street, Jan. 19th, 1821, saying, —' My illness not having abated, I have not put pen to paper
since I had the pleasure of seeing you till now The changes that have take a place (in the Syrtis) are nothing more than I supposed would take
place at some period. Every flat coast or shoal is increasing ; which can
only be by a conversion of sand or gravel, &c. into firm land. This has
taken place even on our own coast—40,000 acres of land have been
accumulated in Romney Marsh, almost entirely by sea alluvion, which is marked by its having a slope inward from the coast. The surges, in tempests, have raised the sands of the Syrtis too high to be dissolved by the ordinary rise of the waters ; which is exemplified by what Mr. Smeaton told me concerning his adventures on the Goodwin Sands. Landing, nearly about low water, the surface was so compact that he found a difficulty in inserting an iron crow to fasten the boat to : but on the rise of tide, it would
hardly bear a man's weight.'
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 89
possessed of a large harbour, which may have communicated
with the salt-water lake (Tritonis T) southward of the town. The deep inlet and quicksands where the Philcenorum
Araz were erected, have disappeared, as has also the lake of Zuca, which Strabo mentions as disemboguing into the
Syrtis : but the detritus of the Solocho Isles, off the western
coast, may have formed the extensive bank of Isa, on which
I more than once anchored, and found easy riding in rough
winds. A little inside the beach here, a succession of large
shallow marshes, where much salt is obtained in long blocks
for commerce, may have been the inlet and naval station spoken of by Strabo. From the Great to the Lesser Syrtis, now the Gulf of Khabs, the coast of Tripoli (Oea) offers little for intercourse TriPoli - by sea except the harbour of Tripoli itself, which lies nearly
in mid-distance, and is the capital of the state of the same name ; and the Kegency having a sea front of upwards of 760 miles, from Dernah to Al Biban, is of some consideration as a maritime state of Barbary. The harbour is secured
by a chain of rocks projecting from the north-east angle of the town, and a sand-bank off Point Tajurah ; and here are imported the woollens, cottons, muslins, hardware, arms, and ammunition of Europe ; while the exports consist of ExP°rts - cattle, leather, skins, soda, salt, natron, wax, saffron, senna, madder, oil, drugs, ostrich-feathers, gold-dust, ivory, gum,
dates, and other articles of home produce, or commodities
brought from Central Africa by the caravans. The coast, however, though for the most part low and shelving, is pretty bold-to, many parts affording good anchorage, as the
north winds rarely blow home ; and boats may generally
find refuge in the little ports (marsa) Zoraik, Ziliten,
Ugrah, at the mouth of the Wadi Khahan (Cinyps), Lebidah
(Leptis Magna), Ligatah, Tiipoli vecchio (Sabrata), Zoarah,
al Biban (the Gate of Pisida), and Zarzis : these creeks are mostly the result of the action of the sea and atmosphere
on a friable shore, and the barriers are ridges of rock
90 THE NOETH COAST OF AFRICA.
Jerbah.
Little
Syrtis.
Probable
changes.
parallel to the line of the coast, which have withstood the
attack. But neither the sea-board nor. its details were known when I first visited it ; insomuch that when I was
with Lord Exmouth's squadron in 1816, he suddenly and
hastily weighed from before Tripoli, and beat about in a
northerly gale, expecting worse weather, without an idea of the excellent anchorage he might have taken up in the
vicinity of the Lesser Syrtis.*
Jerbah (Meninx and Lotophagitis), an excellently culti- vated and rich island, separated from the mainland by a
basin with two straits forming entrances, is the commence- ment of the Regency of Tunis, which extends from thence
as far west as La Cala, or El Kalian, near Bona, a littoral distance of more than 570 miles. The intervening country
is greatly diversified with mountains and valleys, fertile plains and arid wastes ; which are blest with one of the
finest climates in the world, and a remarkably productive
soil. Between Jerbah and the low group called the Karkenah (Cereina) Isles, lies the Gulf of Khabs, or the Little Syrtis (w [Aixpa, ^vpni), which may once have had a communication with Es Sibkhah, or the great salt plain of the
interior, covered with water to the depth of three or four
feet in the winter—a probable site of the Tritonis Palus
of Herodotus. If so, a narrow strait among chains of
eminences, and liable to very variable tides, may have con- founded early navigation, and rendered it, as Scylax asserts, even more dangerous than the Great Syrtis. But the dread
of the ancient mariners can now be but little understood,
since from various changes the Syrtis Minor of the ancients
is no longer recognisable : nearly the whole remaining space now affords good anchoring ground and smooth water, the
* On this occasion his lordship had embarked all the Christian captives save one, an Italian boy, then at the salterns of Zoara. Shortly afterwards
I had the satisfaction of taking this boy to Malta, thereby carrying off the
last Christian slave from Barbary. The principal of my proceedings on this
coast, about that time, will be found in the Appendix.
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 91
bank of Karkenah preventing the sea from rolling home

and the shallows are indicated by the fishermen's palisades. In fact, from the unceasing operation of the sea in throwing
up and depositing sand on a flat coast, where there is no
river, torrent, or other back-water to sweep it away again,
the shore must have had a continued augmentation.
The adjacent lands were abundantly fertile by nature,
but, until the rule of the Carthaginians, were left without
culture ; for, in the words of Strabo, the ancient people of
this country (the Numides or Nomades) abandoned their
fields to savage beasts, to exhaust themselves by predatory
warfare. The east coast of Tunis (Byzacium), though East coast perhaps less cultivated than when it was regarded as a magazine of provisions, and dignified with the title ' Emporia/ is nevertheless abundantly fertile, and its tillage is very creditable to the Moors. The sea -board possesses
several populous trading towns, and some excellent anchorages, to which numerous ships resort to take in the produce.
Of these/ the places in chief consideration—from Jerbah
northwards—are Ghabs or Khabs (Tacape T) Sfakus (Tar Towns. phurah), Mehadiyah or Afrikah (Turns Hannibalis),
Lamta (Leptis parva), Monastir (Iladrumetum), Susah
(Kabar Susis), Ehrakliyah or Herkla (Horrea Cceli),
Hammamet (Aquce calidce), Nabal (Neapolis), Khurbah,
(Curubis), and Calibia or Iklibiyah (Glypea). Some of
these are of great consideration as towns in Barbary; but
the principal is certainly the beautifully situated and
opulent Sfakus, a place where I was most hospitably re- sfakus. ceived before any Christian agent had ever been established there ; and where my operations and journeys were viewed
without that alarm, and inconvenient distrust, which were
so often encountered on these shores at that time. The Gulf of Tunis is a deep and safe bay, lying between Bay of Cape Bon (Hermceum prom.), the Ras-Adar of the natives,
and Cape Farina (Apollinis prom), which are thirteen leagues asunder. The site of the famous Carthage (Car- Carthage.
92 THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA.
Tunis.
Goletta.
chedon) is within and upon the promontory of that nameon the west side of the bay, and the space from thence to Tunis still exhibits vestiges of the Tyrian mistress of three
hundred African cities and towns (besides her power in Spain, Sardinia, Corsica, Sicily, and Italy itself) as well as of her Koman successor. Of these perhaps the most
striking are the cisterns, the mole-basins inside of Cape
Kamar, and the great aqueduct which conveyed water from
the Jebel-ez-Zaghwan (Zeugitanus mons), a distance of
fifty-two miles. But it must be conceded that the appear- ance of the land has greatly changed since the time of old Carthage, when the receding curvature of the beach threw
the peninsula of the Byrsa more boldly out, so as to be all but insulated. South of the ruins of Carthage, and at the
bottom of the bay, stands the city of Tunis (Tunetum), the
metropolis of the Regency, with a population little short of 150,000. It maintains a busy trade, both of import and
export ; the produce and manufactures of the Beylik consisting of corn, oil, wool, hides, honey, wax, soap, silks, fine woollen cloths, shawls, fazes or scarlet skullcaps, burnuses,
wrappers, indigo, madder-roots, orchilla, henna, senna, dates,
ivory, coral, sponge, pottery, tobacco, morocco leather,
ostrich feathers, cattle, sheep, and other live stock. The
city is separated from the bay by a shallow lake of intense
saltness, occasioned by the powerful evaporation from a burning sun, and the aridity of the surrounding shores. This lake communicates with the sea by a narrow fortified channel, called by seamen the Goletta, but Halk-el-Wad
by the Moors. Off the beach divided by the Goletta, the
largest fleets may anchor in comfortable depths of water
and good holding-ground. Indeed, when I joined Lord
Exmouth's squadron before Tunis in 1816, I had been
assured that it was considered a perfect anchorage under
proper care ; but the loss of the whole Tunisian fleet in March, 1820, and a heavy gale which I afterwards rode
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 93
out, induced me to reconsider that opinion ; and on finding
that large patches of the bottom consist of a hard clay
which breaks short, I certainly cannot recommend it as a winter station where heavy ships are employed.
On the east entrance of the gulf, rise the Zembra or zembra. Zawamir (jEgimurus) Isles, of which the largest is 517
feet in height : and forty-two miles to the north of them
are the dangerous rocks which have in recent ages been
designated the Skerki, Squills, and Esquerques ; and which Skerki. appear to be the remains of the Arce mentioned by Virgil,
upon the saxa latentia of which, three ships of the Trojan
fleet were said to be wrecked. They are the JEginori of
Pliny, who observes that they lie opposite Carthage, and
between Sicily and Sardinia—in his time more like rocks
than islands, but recorded to have been inhabited, though
afterwards to have sunk down. There was much doubt
among our chart-compilers as to the existence of this reef, until public attention was unexpectedly aroused by the
total and melancholy loss of the Athehien, of 64 guns, and
most of her crew, in 1804.
Besides the road of Tunis just mentioned, the northern Port coast of this state has the ports of Farina or Ghar-el-Milh
(Salt cave), the sea-margin of Ouga (Utica), now fast filling
up by the floods and alluvia of the river Majerdah
(Bagradas) ; and Bizerta or Beni-zart (Hippo Zarytus)— Bizerta. the Venice of Barbary—with two interior lakes, in the
inner one of which (Sisaraz palus) the water is fresh ; the
fisheries of these lakes are farmed at a high price, and are extremely profitable. Between this and the Algerine
frontier, the only object of maritime interest is Tabarkah
(Tabraca), formed by a fortified island and the river Ez-zeine (Rubricatus) on the main. About twenty miles
north-north-west of Ras-al-Manshar, or Cape Serrato, lies the uninhabited island of Galita (Calathe), west-south-west Gaiita. of which are two perilous sunken rocks, on which the
94 THE NORTH COAST OP AFRICA.
Avenger frigate struck in December, 1847, when all hands
but seven, and a boy, were drowned : the channels oneither side of these rocks are both wide and safe.
Algeria. From the Mazulah hills, which bound the regency of
Tunis, to the river Muhiwi on the west, an interval of 670miles, the coast of the fine and fertile state of Algeria
(Mauretania Ccesariensis) extends, the full capability of which has never, in modern times, been properly excited
;
and of late ages its Mohammedan rulers, termed Deys(Dais), preferred predatory warfare, which is always
destructive of industry, agriculture, and commerce. Yet,
though they preyed upon and braved the power of most of the Christian princes around the Mediterranean, their fleet
both vessels and crews—was always truly contemptible as an organized force ; insomuch that the long sufferance of these barbarous and professed pirates is an anomalous
phenomenon in the history of human polity. The origin
of this degrading system of hostility, which, in despising
the rules of civilization and the laws of nations, violated the rights of human nature, may be owing to the rancorous
fanaticism of the Crusades; but its nearly uninterrupted
continuation was a reproach to Christendom. It has, however, now passed away ; and this country of physical beauty —though sapped by moral deformity—is now colonized byFrance ; it will, therefore, inevitably advance in civilization,
and, consequently, in the arts and pursuits of polished life. It is a fine stage for the exercise of philanthropy and commerce ; for when I frequented the coast, even in the depth
of its barbarism, there were, among the exports of its wilfully restricted traffic—corn, pulse, olive-oil, wax, honey,
fruits, tobacco, kermes, live stock of all kinds, hides, wool,
skins of wild beasts, coral, timber, charcoal, and ostrich feathers black, white, and grey.
Eastern The principal loading-places on the eastern coast of Algeria are—La Kalah (Nalpotes), Bastion of France (ad
Dianam), Bona (Hippo Regius), Storah (Rusicada), in the
ports.
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 95
gulf anciently termed the Sinus Numidicus, Kolah (Gulla
and Gollops Magnus), the coves under Ras Sebah Rus
(Tretum prom.) and at Wad al Kabir, or great river,
Zergeli or Jijel (Igilgilis), Bujeiyah Portus Saldce), Mersa
Fahm or Zufun (Audus), Tedlez (Rusucurrium), and
Marsa Zinet. Passing this, and rounding Cape Matafuz or Temedfus, we enter the great Bay of Algiers, or Al-Jezairat, Algiers. the characteristics of which are, bold shores, deep water,
and excellent holding bottom ; but it is not mentioned in
early writings, the present name being derived from the
islet before the town. On the western side of this bay, stands conspicuously the renowned city of that name, with
its mole, forts, lighthouse, and Kasbah ; surrounded by
beautifully diversified hills, valleys, gardens, groves, and
villas. Weighing from Algiers, and passing Cape Caxines
or Ras Al-Kanatir (Iomnium), to stand to the westward,
there is a rocky and precipitous coast, mostly bold-to ; and we find in succession the ports and creeks named Sidi Ferej western (Via), Tfesud (Tipasa), Nakous (Coesarea), Shershel or Zerzahal (Icosium), Nakkous (Iol and Julia Cossaria),
Dniss or Tennez (Gartenna), Marsa Goleit, Musta-ganem
(Murustaga), Arzau (Arsenaria and Deorum portus),
Wahran or Oran (Quiza), Marsa Kibir (Portus magnus),
within Ras al Harsbah (Metagonium prom.), and Ishgun
(Acra). The energy of the French, and the use of steam,
will doubtless increase the number of these ports as increase of trade shall require, for the whole coast of Algeria affords abundant materials for commercial enterprise.
We now approach the outermost of the Barbary States, Morocco, the which has—from its having been formed by the union
of various small kingdoms, or, rather, large provinces—been
known as the Empire of Morocco, or MogJirib-al-akza, the
farthest west; being a remnant of the great ALfrican monarchies formed by the Saracens in Mauritania. Anarchy
and intestine discords have reduced its boundaries, but it is
still possessed of a surface equal to that of Spain ; while
96 THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA.
Mount
Atlas.
Produce.
The Muluwi.
its Mediterranean coast—from Ceuta to the river Muluwi
is 220 miles, which is not one-third of its sea-board. It is finely diversified with hills and valleys, a great part ofwhich have never been visited by Europeans ; and there are many rivers flowing from the great Atlas range of mountains which traverses the empire in its greatest length, andattains the snow-clad height of nearly 13,000 feet, modifying the aspect, soil, and climate of the whole region. Thoserivers disembogue into the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic
Ocean, the large ones forming bar-harbours, which, thoughnow so neglected as only to admit of small vessels entering
them, may some day be converted into good stations for steamers. A ramification of the great mountain-rangeturns to the north, and is there known as the Lesser Atlas, of which Ape's Hill (Abyla), opposite Gibraltar, may bedeemed the northern scarp. The climate of Morocco is at once mild and salubrious ; and the soil, where cultivated,
is in the highest degree fertile ; but there are everywhere
large tracts entirely uncultivated. Corn, dhurra, rice, maize,
and pulse are extensively reared in most of the plain
districts ; there are raised and collected, oil, cotton, tobacco,
indigo, sesamum, gum, honey, wax, fruits, horses, cattle, poultry, sheep, salt, saltpetre, hemp, saffron, and madderroots ; and they have also manufactories of linen, silk, hayiks, skullcaps, morocco - leather, slippers, barracans,
burnuses, shawls, carpets, soap, earthenware, and hides. The declivities of the mountains are sprinkled with forests, in which the cedar, cork, ilex, carubba, walnut, acacia, andolive trees are prominent ; and though iron, copper, lead,
and antimony, as well as gold and silver, have been pro- duced to a certain extent, the mineral wealth of these mountains may be said to be as yet unknown. It is truly a luxuriant yet indigent country, surpassingly favoured bynature, but blindly neglected by man. The river Muluwi, or Muluwyah (Molochatk), which, as
anciently, divides Algeria from Morocco (Mauretania from
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 97
Tingitana), and is therefore of political importance; it rises at or near the southern extremity of the lower chain
of Atlas, and flowing through a diversified country as yet
almost untrodden by Europeans, falls into the sea nearly in the middle of the bay at which we have arrived, the Gulf of Melilah of our charts. About ten miles to the north-west
of the mouth of the Muluwyah lies the Zaphran, or Ja'ferei Zaphran group, consisting of three rocky uninhabited islets, the
highest of which is upwards of 400 feet above the level of the sea; they afford good anchorage to ships taking refuge
there in stormy weather, and, from the goodness of the
ground, there is no danger of bringing home the anchors. About thirty miles distant from these rocks, on a north- west by west rhumb, is Cape Tres Forcas (Mitagonitis
prom.) of the Spanish pilots, called Ras-ud-Dehir (Cape of the Monastery) by the natives; and in the bight formed
between it and the Muluwi, stands the Spanish penal
fortress Melilah (Rusadir), a Moor-bound space, with Meiiiah. barely a pistol-shot range of territory. Deeper still in the
bay is the great salt-lake Resifah, an excellent port till 1755, when an earthquake stopped up the entrance. In mid-distance between Cape Tres Forcas and the
coast of Spain, lies the steep rocky islet Alboran, which has Alboran usually been assigned by geographers to Barbary; while some of the chart-compilers omit it altogether. Indeed,
such was our ignorance till lately, that this sterile rock,
with hardly anything of animal or vegetable life about it, has been more than once represented as a desirable place
for a settlement; and so late as the year 1813, the Naval
Chronicle published a view of it, and described the imaginary inhabitants as subsisting chiefly by fishing

Westward of Cape Tres Forcas, which is the termination
of an offset of the secondary chain of the mighty Atlas
mountains, on passing Tiraka (Tcenia Longa), and stand- ing across the bay of Mezemmah, or Al Buzema, we perceive ai Buzem* a rock (Sex insula) on which the Spaniards possess a H
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA.
Pefion de
Velez.
Tetuan
Bay.
Mostaza.
Ceuta.
petty post, which, is kept under greater restriction by theMoors, if possible, than Melilah. About eight leaguesfurther to the westward is another of the Spanish presidios,
the fortress of Pefion de Velez (Parietina), an elevatedislet surrounded by strong works; which, being nearlyinaccessible, is therefore held to be impregnable. In thesepresidios the garrison and the forzati, or condemnedelons, seem to be almost equal sufferers. To the north-west of the Penou, at the distance of abouttwenty-two leagues, is Ceuta, or Sebtah, the principal ofthe Spanish presidios, and the eastern extreme of thesouth shore of the Strait of Gibraltar. Though the wholeof the intervening bight is called the Bay of Tetuan, thatname is also applied in a restricted sense to the anchoragebefore the populous city of Titawan—commonly, Tetuan(Jagath)—between the Capes Negro and Mazari, whereour ships have often found shelter from south-west gales,
and procured provisions and refreshments. In 1799, afleet of seventeen sail of the line, under Lord Keith,watered there without any loss of time; but an unexpectedimpediment threatened the further supplies. Although sonear Gibraltar, with whose merchants the Barbary Jewscarry on a pretty considerable commerce, our admiral couldnot get fresh provisions and stock in exchange for hisGovernment bills, and must have proceeded to the siege ofCadiz without refreshments, had not an English merchanthappened to put into Tetuan for protection, with a fewthousand Spanish dollars on board. Between Tetuan and thePefion, the country is inhabited mostly by Moors; there is no town of any consequence upon the coast, and it is equallydestitute of harbours, the only place resorted to by coastersbeing Mostaza, where grain, cattle, honey, wax, and otherproduce, are embarked, as well as camlets, barracans, mats,pottery, and the various articles of Tetuan and other nativemanufacture.
On the peninsula of Ceuta {Exclissa and Septa) is a
THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA. 99
fortress opposite to Gibraltar, which seems, like it, to be
impregnable by land. West of this are the fine cliffs of a
mountain, 2200 feet high, known by us as Ape's Hill, the
Sierra Bullones of the Spaniards, and Jebel Mousa and
Thattith of the Moors (Mons Abyla). From Ape's Hill to m. Abyia, Tanjah, or Tangier (Tmgis), a fortified town no longer a
place of importance, the coast is broken by alternate cliffs and coves, some of which look tempting enough for landing
at, but strangers are immediately fired upon by the Moors
in ambush, disembarkation except at the regular towns
being strictly prohibited. Leaving the anchorage at Tangier, Tangier, and still standing to the westward, a bold shore presents
itself under an uncultivated and arid aspect, as far as the
fine headland called by the natives Ras-el-shukkar, or Redflower point, and by us Cape Spartel (Ampelusia); which
forms the north-west point of Morocco, and western entry
of the Strait of Gibraltar. From Cape Spartel to the south-south-west, as far as west coast Arzila (Zilis), the coast-line is a flat, sandy, and shingly rocco. beach, rising in the interior to a fine grazing country,
but bearing a barren and deserted appearance. Off this
part, and especially opposite the bight called Jeremiyah,
there is good anchorage with easterly winds, to be chosen
by the lead, there being no sea-danger ; and the whole is safe and bold to Al Haratch, or Larache (Lixus). But
during those winds the water is smooth, and ships may keep
under very easy canvas ; as we experienced in the summer
of 1811, when cruising off Cape Spartel with a squadron of
four sail of the line and some smaller vessels, under the
command of that excellent seaman, Rear-Admiral Sir
Richard Goodwin Keats. Such being the periphery of this not less interesting
than extensive inland sheet of water, we must next proceed
to consider its surface : though, before we entirely conclude
our chorographical sketch, an account of the declared value
H 2
Mediterra- nean
commerce.
English
100 THE NORTH COAST OF AFRICA.
of British produce and manufactures annually exportedfrom the United Kingdom to the Mediterranean, may givea synthetical view of our commercial relations in that sea. Moreover, figures confer accuracy upon expression : ' tocount/ observes Dr. Johnson, ' is a modern practice ; theancient method was to guess, and when numbers areguessed, they are always augmented/ The mean of thevarious obtainable returns for the years 1820 to 1824 was
Spain and the Balearic islands £582,891
Gibraltar 993,700 France and Corsica 312,866
Italy and the Italian islands 2,391,620 Malta 425,500
Ionian islands 323,650
Turkey and Continental Greece 989,260 Morea and Greek islands 32,000
Syria and Palestine 191,280
Egypt 257,760
Barbary and Morocco 51, 600 For the English reader, it may be proper to add a fewmore statistical details respecting our own possessions onthe shores of the Mediterranean, in order to prove theirclaim to the national regard. They are drawn up fromvarious inquiries in proper quarters, and official returnsprocured for me by my friend the late estimable Mr. G. RPorter, of the Board of Trade, reduced, as nearly as possible,to the close of the year 1824. In the following tables theislands of Malta and Gozo are included together, and thewhole of the Septinsular Republic under the head of Corfu;
a form adopted because the public returns are made fromthe chief city, or head-quarters of each garrison. Andit will be borne in mind, that the respective forces (Table II,page 103) at each place are, of course, on the graduatedpeace establishment.
Here the mind is led to perceive how civilization en-hances human enjoyment, by increasing the resources of acountry. It is rather the industry exercised on the districts occupied, than their extent of area, which develops richesand power.
THE BRITISH DEPENDENCIES. 101
TABLE I. — STATISTICS.
NOTANDA. GlBEALTAE. Malta. Coepu.
Superficial area j S(*'^'
(males n 125 1,059
4,790 46,180 112,500
r, i • 1 females Population . y
aUem
5,560 49,300 98,240
4,780 6,170 10,780
[ total 15,130 101,650 221,520
Chief Town . . . name Gibraltar. Valetta. Corfu. Inhabitants of do. number 15,130 46,250 21,400
Public educational ex- ) « pense .... 740 2,090 6,880
Shipping from number 169 38 23
Great Britain tons 23,567 7,870 6,750
Ditto inwards . number
tons 37
6,500 26
4,805 53
7,930 Value of Commercial } £
imports ) Ditto exports . . . £
1,041,600 300,700 43,300
variable. 200,000 510,000
Colonial Revenue . . £ 30,000 109,800 202,500
Expense to Great Britain, £ 146,000 1.00,000 82,000 Ground in crop . . acres 70 53,670 271,890
Uncultivated land . acres 750 47,350 219,440
f Horses, mules,
^jl and asses . number none 4,910 13,810
on Horned cattle number reared 5,560 11,200
go Sheep . . . number in the 8,992 88,520
I Goats . . . number garrison. 3,150 70,500
Property annually ) „ created . . . . ( 72,000 850,000 2,080,000 Do. moveable and irre- ) £
moveable . . . ) 1,500,000 3,755,000 10,950,000
Acquisition of . . date a.d. 1704 A.D. 1800 A.D. 1815
Right of possession . . by conquest. treaty. treaty.
On showing the above tabulated items to Mr. Porter,
who was then diligently occupied in compiling those admirable Statistics of the Empire which have since been
published in extenso at the public expense, he kindly
examined them, and made comparisons with documents
in his office. He also supplied me with the Government
returns of the agricultural produce of Malta and the Ionian
Islands for the year 1839 ; assuring me, at the same time, that the document had his full confidence :
102 THE BRITISH DEPENDENCIES.
MALTA AND GOZO.
Description. Area. Wheat 9,951 acres Meslin 9,144
Barley 4,051 Pulse 3,206 Sesamum .... 493 Garden produce . . 4,345
Cumin seeds ... 418
Cotton 10,898
Forage 7,594 Pasture 4,670 In crop
Uncultivated
Total .
54,716
46,810
Produce. 17,453 quarters 26,042
11,641 7,614 488
125,816 civts. 1,461 32,602
208,778 bushels.
101,526 acres.
THE IONIAN ISLANDS.
Description. Area. Produce. Wheat 14,404 acres ... 47,266 bushels Barley, maize, and meslin . 24,471 ,j, ... 115,997 „
Oats 4,474 „ ... 18,651 , Currants 17,332 „ ... 15,255,980 lbs. Olive oil 94,038 „ ... 75,005 barrels Wine 61,267 „ ... 209,270 „
Cotton 1,6404 „ ... 45,620 lbs. Flax 1,847. „ ... 69,118 „
Pulse 4,676 „ ... 13,125 bushel Pasture 35,204
Salt (extensive) ... 194,000 Tcilom. In crop 255,912|
Uncultivated .... 228,949^
Total 484,862 acres.
In the two following Tables, the figures of Mr. Porter andmine differed a little, being drawn from different sources; but they substantially present the same view, which is theobject of their insertion.
THE BRITISH DEPENDENCIES.
TABLE II. — GAEEISONS.
103
Details. GlBEALTAE. Malta.
1 COEFU.
Field Officers . . . 12 9 15
Captains .... 32 16 32
Lieutenants . . . 44 26 45
Ensigns . 24 17 29 Paymasters . . 5 3 5
Adjutants . . 4 3 4
Quartermasters 5 3 5
Medical Officers 8 5 10
Sergeants . . 149 89 170 Drummers . . 60 37 69 Rank and File . 2987 2132 3506
Total . 3330 2342 3890
TABLE ILL — MAEKET PEICES.
Aeticles (1821). GlBEALTAE. Malta. Coefu.
s. d. s. d. s. d. Beef .... per lb. 6 4 3 Mutton . . . per lb. 41 4| 34 Veal .... per lb. 8 5f 6 Pork .... per lb. 3i 3 3± Ham .... per lb. 6i 6 5 Supressada . . per lb. 10 8i 9 Tunny salted . per lb. 5 4 51 Turkeys .... each 5 6 6 6 6 Geese each 3 3 2 2 10 Ducks each 1 4 1 6 1 2 Fowls each 1 5 1 4 1 2 Eggs . . . per dozen 9 51 7i
Butter .... per lb. 101 8 1 Of Lard .... per lb. 6 5 6 Cheese {common) per lb. 4f Z% 4 Bread .... per lb. o H n If
Flour .... per lb. 3 2i 24 Rice .... per lb. 2f 2 9 2| Beans {dry) . per bushel 2 1 8 2 Wine . . . per pint 2 ii 2
Oil .... per pint 5 6£ 4| Milk . . . per pint 3 2£ 2 Common labour
\ m^
8 Common red wine bottle 3
1 4 1 5
2 24
Charcoal . per 100 lbs. 1 2 1 2 11 Firewood . per 100 lbs. 6 8 8 6 6 6
Fruit and vegetables . . cheap. cheap. cheap. Groceries and spices . . reasonable. reasonable. reasonable. Salt and tobacco . . . gabelled. gabelled. gabelled.
PART II.
OF THE CURRENTS, TIDES, AND WATERS OFTHE MEDITERRANEAN SEA.
§ 1. Preliminary Matter.
Mediterra- TTTE have seen the boundaries of the Mediterranean Sea,nean level, yl
T f the surface of which, generally speaking, must havemaintained nearly the same level for at least 2500 years
;
and as the low coasts are not liable to be overflowed, acomparative permanence of periphery may be expected.For although there are vestiges of submerged buildings invarious places—as at Santo Stefano (Portus Domitianus)in Tuscany, Capo d' Anzio (Antium), Alexandria (or ratherCcmopus), and other places—still the same waters showthe piers of Caligula's Bridge (despite the numerous mollusk or sea-worm borings, which indicate that it has notbeen left untouched the while) at almost the same heightabove the Bay of Puteoli, as they were upwards of 1800years ago ; and there are similar silent but undeniablewitnesses in the marine works at Marseilles, Genoa, CivitaVecchia (Centwm-cellce), Navarin, Makri (Telmissus), andmany ancient moles and littoral edifices which I haveexamined. It is therefore probable that occasional elevations and depressions of the bed of the sea have periodically
compensated each other, as asserted so long since by Aristotle ; nor, indeed, is it possible that any great difference can exist, since, under extraordinary evaporation, or sus- pension of supply from rivers, the equilibrium must be
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 105
restored within a very few feet by the ceaseless flowing
inwards of the oceanic waters.* In this action, both the
greatness of the aqueous volume, and its peculiar properties
as a liquid amenable to the power of gravitation in every
particle, give the full power of reciprocation and constancy.
These remarks relate rather to the progressive changes Ge
re
1^
g
a
1rkL which are clearly indicated as being in actual operation,
than to the more archaic and violent convulsions which, by
internal forces, have elevated vast continents, as appears
to be shown by the remains of sea-life at great heights in the fossiliferous beds of the tertiary formation. Indeed, it
is sufficiently evident that the energies of the volcano, the
earthquake, and the torrent, have been for ages in mighty
action on those shores ; large tracts of which exhibit the
effects of such subversive agents during a long series of ages. The present outer crust of the earth seems to repose on an
unstable basis, and it is obvious that the outlines and con- sequent areas of land and sea are variable and displaceable,
and that they actually have been displaced ; but whether
any momentous disproportion has occurred through unequal
agencies during the process, is at present an undecided
question. Much that is still at work depends on the slope
with which the land and sea meet, the nature of the materials composing the coast, and the usual set of the local
tides and currents ; and the workings of those ought to be
constantly attended to. The investigation into the causes
of such changes belongs to the geologist ; yet the geologist, in future, must receive his basis from the maritime sur- veyor. The treating of currents and tides may therefore be
ushered in by such normal considerations as my inquiries
* Dolomieu thought the shores a foot lower near Alexandria, than in the time of the Ptolemies ; but he must have overlooked a few circumstances
respecting the rocks, the ruins, and the excavated baths, which strongly
militate against his supposition. Indeed, relics under water, and adjacent
ports full of sand, are not uncommon on these shores ; and we are every- where struck with evidences of places historically very ancient, but geologically recent.
zone.
106 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
and labours led me to observe, in order to make an approachto the actual depth, mean temperature, density, saltness,
and specific gravity of the Mediterranean Sea. Such topics,
by opening the arcana of the penetration of solar light andthe propagation of heat, will, in the end, infallibly furnish
materials for ascertaining the habitats of many tribes ofmarine animals, and the distribution of living beings in thesea ; points so important to know, but till recently neglected, or very imperfectly regarded.
VhllnT
an ^"'ie great alternating body of force, in the agenciesalluded to, has been the wonderful Phlegrsean region ob-served to extend from the east about 1000 miles to thewest ; that is, from the borders of the Caspian Sea to theAzores, and perhaps from thence to TenerifTe. This zoneis arbitrarily considered as about ten degrees in breadth,
and certainly is well marked by points of eruption, earth- quake-shaken districts, and other symptoms of igneousaction throughout. This may be instanced on the northand centre of the zone by the hot springs and violent commotions at Tiflis, Ararat, Azof, Constantinople, Palestine,
Smyrna, Santorin, Milo, Modon, Mount Majella, Vesuvius,Lipari, Stromboli, Etna, Sardinia, the Colombretes off Valencia, Olot in Catalonia, and Lisbon. On the south extremethe marks are fewer, but I found indications of volcanicaction in the Ghariyan hills to the south of Tripoli, and onmy journey to Ghirzah passed over a black and forbiddingtract called Ha'raj. From Algiers through Morocco, severeearthquakes have been of frequent occurrence ; and thatwhich destroyed Oran, in 1790, was simultaneously felt inTetuan and Tangier. AJong the waters of this devotedspace, the communication is also marked by the occasionalprotrusion of an islet, and frequent shocks of the mare-motoor sea-quake; which last was perhaps the reason whyNeptune, a sea-god, should have been designated theEarth-shaker by Homer. Many of the igneous spots havebeen extinct for ages, and the forces are looked upon as
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 107
having decreased in energy; but volcanic eruptions from
the subterranean and subaqueous bed of heated crystalline
rocks, though they may have diminished both in number
and force since the earlier ages of the globe, are still in constant action. Severe earthquakes are ever accompanied by an agita- Violent
m m 63X1)11- tion of the neighbouring seas, as was specially noted during quakes, the tremendous calamity at Lisbon in 1755 : and the
fact was observed and recorded very early, for Herodotus
(Uremia, § 64) mentions a convulsion of the earth which was felt out at sea, by the fleet of Eurybiades ; and I myself
have felt such shocks on several occasions. Eruptions from
the bottom of the sea, so far as I could learn, exhibit their phenomena exactly as from those subaerial vents which
open at once into the atmosphere : subject only to the
modifications produced by the greater density of the sur- rounding medium, and the greater external pressure caused
by the weight of the overlying column of water, which then
becomes an element of the repressive force. Professor Pallas mentions that in September, 1799, a submarine eruption
took place in the Sea of Azof, 150 fathoms from the shore,
opposite Temruck, accompanied with dreadful thundering,
emissions of fire and smoke, and the throwing up of ashes
and stones ; after which an isle

' like a great sepulchral
hillock'—rose from the bottom ; but which sunk again, before he could visit it. In 1814, another new island was raised on that spot, by volcanic explosions : and both were accompanied by earthquakes in the vicinity. On the 13th of
August, in 1822, when Aleppo was destroyed by a terrific earthquake, which instantly buried thousands of the inhabitants under the ruins of their houses, two rocks arose from
the sea in the vicinity of Cyprus (Journal of Science,
vol. xiv., page 450), an island ever partaking in the disasters of Syria.
A curious occurrence befel myself. On the 5th of singular
, pheno- February, 1820, being off the Lover's Leap at Leucadia, menon.
108 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
in the Aid, the weather became overcast, with variable windsand rain at midnight. During the middle watch, a densecloud-bank was seen in the offing; and towards daylightthere was some appearance of an island discernible in it, but being considered a mere Cape Flyaway, I was notcalled. Just before six o'clock, however, the morningbeing unusually dark and heavy, Mr. Skyring stated to Lieutenant Hose that he very distinctly perceived anisland to the west, whereupon the ship was immediatelyput about, and after the sails were trimmed on the othertack, the bearings marked on the log-board were
' CapeDucato south-east by east,—the Island, west/ At this moment I came upon deck, and was far from being satis- fied that danger was sufficiently threatened for the ship to be put about without my orders ; but the weather was verycloudy, and the wind fresh from south-east. On examiningsome of the men, and observing it was still very thick to windward, we braced up, and from thence till sunset worked to windward ; but neither then, nor the next day,
could we regain sight of the supposed island. The weathercontinuing very unsettled, 1^ went into Port Bathi in
Ithaca, where, on the 15th of the same month, we felt ninedistinct shocks of mare-moto, during heavy rain and darksqually weather ; giving the sensation of having grounded,although in fifteen fathoms water. From that day to the
6th of March, a succession of earthquakes occurred, andSanta Maura was particularly affected ; nor should it beoverlooked that in the same year, Zante was nearly
destroyed.* In the following April, being at Corfu, Admiral Sir Anthony Maitland, then commanding the Glasgow* It is advanced that earthquake shocks are not felt in the various Ionian
Islands at the same instant of time. How this is ascertained we are not
told ; but when I was there, clocks and watches had a variance with each
other of at least twenty minutes. It is clear that on these occasions, all the vicinity, and the ships in their ports, have unmistakeable notice, and
apparently at the same moment.
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 109
frigate, informed nie that a Greek vessel had arrived, with
a report that they had passed heavy breakers off Santa
Maura ; on this I immediately weighed and ran down,
placed sharp eyes at the mast-heads, sounded occasionally
with 70 and 150 fathoms of line, but returned re infectd. The myth became the ' rocky island' of report ; and having
gained a footing in the papers, was copied by Sir Charles
Lyell from the Allgemeine Zeitung for 1820 ; and other
authorities have recorded it. This may possibly have been
an effect of submarine eruption ; and it is not a little curious, that various old charts—as those of the Quarter
Waggoner, Mount's and Page's Mediterranean Pilot of 1703,
and others—have represented a small islet to seaward of Cephalonia. When I had written the above, it occurred
to me that Lieutenant C. R Maiden, now the sole survivor
of the Aid's gun-room officers, might have preserved a note on this subject, and I wrote to him for information on
that point : the following is an extract from his answer, dated 4th August, 1852 :

Away from home, I have not the means of verifying the date you mention, the 5th of February, 1820, of the discovery by the Aid of an island off Santa Maura. The fact is, however, fresh in my recollection : indeed, it is within the present year that I was talking of the cirumstance to some
friends. I was not on deck, and did not see it, but I well remember the
confidence with which Skyring and those on deck spoke of having seen an
island, and the immediate inference that there must have been a shock of an
earthquake at Santa Maura, aDd which I always understood we found to be
the case on our arrival in port. Our subsequent cruise in search of the
island was fruitless, but I well remember it.* Experience has proved a constant relation between Volcanoes. the earthquake and the interrupted activity of volcanoes,
where the inner forces are not inert ; and from the constantly-recurring mutability of the terrestrial crust, there can be little doubt of the existence of subterranean caverns communicating with active craters, however such commu-
, * The German naturalist, F. W. Sieber, experienced a severe marc-moto
near this spot, on the 3rd of January, 1817, while on his passage from the
Adriatic to Candia. —(See his Travels in Crete).
110 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
nications may be impeded, or even become closed, and then
generate earthquake. This is not at all a new assumption,
or Strabo seems to have considered such vents as safety- valves to their neighbouring districts ; and, to be moreexact, I found among the manuscripts of the Royal Society, a letter from their Secretary, the indefatigable Henry Oldenburg, addressed to Mr. George Cotton, at Rome, 30th of June,
1669, in which he says, ' And since the present eruptions
of Mount iEtna are so considerable as that they fill the
eares of all Europe with dreadfull reports, as well as they
heape Sicily with great calamityes, my further request is, that you will please to send us the best observations that
have been made of that horrible fire, and of all the circumstances and effects of it, and particularly of what kind of mineralls the fiery streams running through the valleys of
Sicily did consist, as also what appearances there are in other neighbouring vulcans, as in the Strombylo andVesuvius/
stromboii. In my account of ' Sicily and its Islands/ published in 1824, I mentioned that the crater of Stromboii has burnt
without intermission from the earliest periods ; appearing
to be not only the vent of its own group, but to have a
subterraneous communication also with Sicily and Italy,
for, previous to a severe earthquake's taking place in those
parts, Stromboii—after much internal rumbling, rimbombie mugghiti—has been observed to be covered with dense
clouds and smoke, and to emit, with increased activity,
unusually ardent flames. And I said of the cove in which the cone rises abruptly from the sea, ' it is natural
to imagine it would, from the constant action of the
volcano, and the incessant discharge of matter for so manyages, be very shoal, or, at least, even allowing the stones
to triturate, that a bank of sediment would have beendeposited ; the contrary, however, is the case, for I found
gradual soundings of from four to twenty fathoms all roundthe coasts, even to the two points of Sciarazza Cove ;
PRELIMINARY MATTER. Ill
but immediately under the cone, as nearly as I could
approach, and even within range of the ejected matter,
there were forty-seven fathoms, and at the distance of a few yards, from sixty-five to ninety : an inspection of the
chart will point this out more clearly. The circumstance is curious, and has not a little puzzled the sages of Stromboli,
who at length, after serious deliberation, have decided, that a gulf at the base of the island, continually absorbs the
ejections, and replenishes the volcano/ For particulars of the crater s action, as watched by myself from its margin,
the reader is referred to the volume above mentioned,
from which this passage is quoted.
In the case of subaqueous eruptions it is, of course, Submarine
. tip volcanoes. difficult to ascertain whether they take place irom a new or an habitual vent, from an insulated or a parasitical cone. Von Buch, the geologist of the age, has given his opinion
that, in submarine eruptions, the strata previously forming
the bottom of the sea are uniformly elevated, and that
positive eruptions do not take place from the vent until these strata have been raised above the level of the sea

but this postulate is far from being satisfactory. The pro- trusion of conical islets by the elastic force of volcanic
action, of course lifts up the overlying horizontally-deposited
strata ; yet there is no reason a priori for supposing such an anomalous distinction between the mode of action of
subaqueous and subaerial volcanoes. In the recent and
well-observed cases of Sabrina Isle being thrown up off the
Azores, and Graham Island in the Mediterranean, the substances which showed themselves above water were either ashes and cinders ; or vesicular, lithoidal, and conglomerate
lavas, the products of the eruption by which they were
raised. Respecting this last-named volcano there are for- tunately very detailed accounts, of which perhaps the most
accurate is that by Dr. Davy, brother of the late Sir Humphry Davy. It seems that, as early as the 28th of June,
1831, Captain Swinburne, in passing nearly over the spot,
112 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
felt several shocks of a sea-quake, proving that the causewas then in operation ; but on the 19th of the followingJuly the crater had accumulated to a few feet above the levelof the sea, and was in great activity, emitting vast volumesof steam, ashes, and scoriae. From that time it graduallyincreased in all its dimensions, till, towards the end ofAugust, its circumference was about 3240 feet, and its height 107 : then from October various changes took place,and it entirely disappeared in December. As there werecertain mistakes propagated by the Journal of the Geographical Society and the Quarterly Review, as to this Spiraglio, and in order that physical inquiry might start
fair, I addressed a note to the Royal Society, c On an Errorrespecting the Site and Origin of Graham Island/ which is printed in the Philosophical Transactions for 1832.* Itherefore need here only add what may be deemed theultimate result, as contained in an extract from a letter written to me by Captain Graves, formerly of the Adventure,dated Malta, 20th June, 1846 :—
I have just returned in the hired vessel Locust, from a very pleasant
cruise to Graham's Shoal, Girgenti, and Palermo ; and I therefore lose no
time in reporting to my old commander what I found upon his ground. Graham's Shoal I spent two days in examining, with your chart in hand.
Since Elson (late Master of the Adventure) was there in 1841, the shoal
itself has altered much both in depth and extent ; it then had a sharp
pinnacle, with one-and-a-half fathoms on it, and the water suddenly deepened
all round, while the bottom was irregular, and composed of lava, cinders, &c. Now it has sunk down to a depth of thirty-five fathoms—as much under
water as it was above it at its greatest recorded elevation—and as it descended it gradually spread out in extent, so that it now forms a flat bank, on which the sand and coral are already making a crust. Indeed, its present actual state is similar to those banks marked in your chart as Nerita,
Triglia, Pinna-marina, &c, all which are probably extinct volcanoes.
Singular The Italians have recorded instances of chasms suddenlyformed by openings in the water, accompanied by dischargesboth of smoke and ashes ; in one of which a vessel was lost
* On showing the proof-sheet of this to an excellent naval friend, he
advised me to obtain permission from the Royal Society to reprint my letter in the Appendix to this work.
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 113
in 1813, in sight of the Neapolitan corvette Stabia, com- manded by Captain Acton. The Journal de Constantinople
also states that, on Sunday the 4th of April, 1847, one of
these phenomena occurred in the Black Sea. An Austrian steamer of Lloyd's Company, the Stamboul, was proceeding
to Constantinople in a calm state of the weather, and was
within an hour's distance of Synope,

When suddenly the sea opened under her ; assuming the form of a vast funnel ; the waves, in closing, covered her almost entirely, swept the deck,
\ and did the most serious damage. The shock was so violent, that several leaks were sprung, and the vessel was some time in recovering herself from
this terrible pressure, and getting fairly afloat again. She rose, however,
after some pitching, but injured to such an extent, that if another shock had
taken place, she would have inevitably been lost. It was with the greatest
difficulty that she reached the port of Synope to refit, after which she pro- ceeded to Constantinople, where she arrived safe last Tuesday. Those who
were witnesses of this accident, thought at first it might have originated in an earthquake, but nothing of the sort has occurred elsewhere. It must be
admitted that some submarine dislodgment opened under the vessel an abyss
into which the waves rushed, and in this way they formed a gulf, in which
she narrowly escaped being smashed and swallowed up. The causes of successive alterations in the sea-board, other causes other than volcanoes, are sufficiently obvious. Large changes, quantities of detrital matter are at first carried with
velocity down streams and torrents ; but towards the
mouths and deltas of large rivers, the action is so moderated
that the waters bear a very diminished transport of terrene
substances. Tidal sets and oceanic currents carry only the
finer comminuted silts over the areas they traverse, except
where narrow straits, projecting headlands, or other
peculiar local features, interrupt them ; or, not least of
active causes, where breakers under the influence of prevailing winds exert both destructive and transporting
powers. Gravel or sand contained in water having a
specific gravity greater than that vehicle, can only be kept
in suspension so long as the water is in a state of agitation

and as soon as such troubled water becomes quiet, the silt and other impurities gradually subside : nor is absolute repose necessary for this process ; as the meeting of curi
114 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
rents and the action of winds both affect the direction andaccumulation of the deposit. But the cutting and scoopingactions of streams, and their effect at great depths, cannotbe so extraordinary as has been assumed by some writers,since the friction of the moving body is influential in aninverse ratio to the velocity of the super-current, so thatthe lower waters must inevitably be retarded : this seems tohave been proved in a great measure by descents in adiving-bell. Hence it follows, that the bottom of verydeep waters must remain comparatively undisturbed.Still the collective amount of soluble matter continuallybrought down by rivers and torrents, as well as whatis even derived from rocks by the percolation of waterthrough them—together with the action of frost, earth-quake, and the undermining of the sea—must becomesensible in the course of centuries—independently of thevast chemical changes which nature carries out, and uponwhich we have yet so much to learn.
Origin of But though the present intention is rather to point outthe Medii i i
• n terranean. a few palpable instances of what may be termed thesecondary geological efforts, it may be necessary to mention that the formation of the expanse of the Mediter-ranean waters, commencing at such a mere frith as that ofGibraltar, and reaching as far as the sea of Azof, hasbeen a subject of speculation from the earliest ages. Themain features are sufficiently remarkable to awake inquiry;
and the narrowness of the entrance, together with its localcurrents and tides, has excited conjectures both paradoxical and philosophical. A hasty glance at some of themost prominent will here suffice ; only premising that wehave no intention of entering upon a solution of theimpossible problem of how and by what means theMediterranean was brought into its present state, norof either adopting or rejecting any of the several theorieson the subject—mention is made solely for the purposeof aiding future examination.
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 115
By the earlier writers, poets, and mythologists, the two
barrier mountains called the Columns of Hercules were
said to have been united, till that wonder-working hero
separated them by digging a communication between the
Atlantic and Mediterranean seas. But among those who
disregarded fiction, it was a prevailing notion that this opening had been forced by an impetuous onset of the
inner or outer waters, as may be gathered from the allu- sions and testimonies of Strato Physicus, Aristotle, Diodorus
Siculus, and Seneca : and what with the deluges of Deucalion and Ogyges, it may be inferred through all the
subsequent poetical embellishments, that the shores of the
Black Sea and Archipelago were actually twice devastated
by sudden inundations of the sea, more than 3000 years
ago. A vast debdclage followed the presumed disruption
of the Euxine barrier, and the consequent mighty rush of water westwards.
These opinions prevailed in different degrees, and Arabian swayed the minds of men for ages : but when the Arabs
had substituted Mohammedan for Greek traditions, after the Tenth Century of our era, a new system was put forth. Thus, in the middle of the Twelfth Century, we hear Edrisi, or to give him his due, Abu-Abdallah Mohammed ben
Mohammed ben Abdullah ben Edris—a noble Arab, born
at Ceuta, and therefore probably well versed in the popular
traditions of the Strait. He was the writer of a geographical work commonly known, since 1619, as the
Geographia NvMensis — from a false reading in the
translator's manuscript, which made the author speak as a
native of Nubia. It was, however, a description illustrative of a large silver terrestrial globe, constructed for his patron
Count Roger, of Sicily, in the year 1153; his book was
therefore known as Ketdb Rujdr (Roger's book), though its true title was Nuzhat al-mushtdk fi ikhtirdk al-dfdk
(the commencement of the journey of one who is desirous
of travelling through the regions of the earth) ; it was also
t 2
116 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
often cited as Dhik al Memdlik w-al Mesdlek (an accountof kingdoms and countries). The complete work was longto be found only in the Bodleian Library at Oxford ; butother copies having about twenty-five years ago been pro-cured for the King's Library at Paris, M. Jaubert waspersuaded to publish the translation of it, which appearedin two quarto volumes, in 1836, under the patronage of theFrench Geographical Society. Here we find that Edrisiterms the Mediterranean Bahr-al-shdm, or Sea of Syria;and gives 1136 parasangs as its length from the com-mencement to its termination. He then continues, in hisaccount of the Fourth Climate, §
1.

The Syrian Sea was, as it is said, originally a lake enclosed on all sides, such as the Sea of T'aberistan is at present ; its waters had no connexionwith those of the neighbouring ocean. The inhabitants of Africa andAndalus (Spain), were constantly at war with each other, and mutuallydoing all the mischief they could, till the time of Alexander (IsJcender). Hecame to Andalus, and the people of the country informed him of their contentions with the men of Sus (Africa). He therefore assembled labourersand engineers, and fixed upon the place of the Strait (el-zoJcak), —it was ahollow depression in the mountains. He then ordered the geometers tomeasure the ground, and take the level of the waters of these two seas ; andhe found that the level of the Great Sea was only a trifle above that of theSyrian Sea ; he then commanded the soil to be dug away between thecountry of Tanjah (Tangier) and that of Andalus. The digging was continuedas far as the lower part of the mountains of those countries. He then builtupon them a mole of stones, twelve miles in length. He built, also, anotheropposite to it in the neighbourhood of Tanjah. Between these two molesthere was a width of six miles. When the two bulwarks had been finished,the digging was continued till they reached the waters of the Great Sea,which rushed in with the greatest violence between these two moles, over-whelmed many cities on each side, drowned their inhabitants, and rose abovethe two moles nearly to eleven statures (eleven times a man's height). Themole which is near the land of Andalus appears very plainly when the waterof the sea is smooth, near the place called Es-safihah (the level) ; its lengthis in a straight line, and is a cubit in breadth, as measured by Al-Rabii. Imyself have seen it, and have sailed the whole length of this strait alongthis side of it. The people of the island (Al-jezlrah) call it the bridge ; andthe middle of it corresponds with the place where the stag's rock overhangsthe sea. The other mole, which was near Tanjah, was carried away by theviolence of the waters. Remark on Such is Edrisi's account ; and it is not a little singularEdrisi. that where he places this mole, as appears from his ownobservation, I found that there is actually much less water
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 117
than on either hand in the vicinity, as will presently be
shown; and this is a fact which escaped notice from his time until my soundings were taken. It is also clear that
his island is not Algeciras but Tarifa, and he must have
been conversant with the shoal off it, now called the
Cabezos ; for there can be no reasonable doubt but this is the Spanish portion of the mole which, according to Edrisi,
1 appears very plainly when the water of the sea is smooth/
and which he himself—believing the legends and imagined
aspect of the bottom of the sea there —had seen. It is moreover certain that the water on the African shore is the
deepest ; and the difference of level which he assigns
between the two seas, is precisely what a ' geometer' would now find it—' only a trifle/ It is therefore, on the whole, a very curious description.
Nearly three centuries before Edrisi's time, according to Abfi zeid Renaudot, the two Mohammedan travellers, or at least Abu. Zeid al Hasan, who wrote in A.D. 877, described the
communication of the Mediterranean with the eastern ocean as a recent discovery. But as those early Arabian
voyagers were better acquainted with India and China,
than with the shores in question, they would not have been
called in evidence but for a remarkable passage which
proves—if Renaudot has rightly translated this sentence

that the Arabians must have adopted their geographical
notions from the Greeks ; for Abu Zeid thought that the
Indian ocean washed the coast of Tartary, fell into the
Caspian Sea, and so by the Propontis into the Mediterranean. The story upon which this opinion was founded, runs thus :

In our time, a discovery has been made of a circumstance quite new and unknown to tliose who lived before us. Nobody ever imagined that the
great sea which extends from India to China had any communication with
the sea of Syria ; nor could any one apprehend the possibility of any such
thing. Now behold what has come to pass in our days, according to what we have heard. In the Sea of Roum (Mediterranean) they found the wreck
of an Arabian ship, which had been shattered by tempests ; for all her crew had perished, and she being torn to pieces by the waves, her remains were
118 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
General
idea.
Buffon's theory.
driven by the winds and weather into the sea of the Khozars (Euxme), andfrom thence through the canal of Constantinople into the Mediterranean Sea, and were at last thrown on the coast of Syria. Hence it is evident that the
sea surrounds all the country of China and Sila, the extremity of Turkistan, and the country of the Khozars : and that it passes through the strait till it washes the Syrian shore. This is proved by the structure of the vessel of which we are speaking, for the planks were not nailed, but joined in a
peculiar manner, as if they were sewed together : all those built in the Mediterranean, or on the coast of Syria, are nailed together, and are notjoined in any other way. None but the ships of Siraf are so fastened. Now instead of the massoolah-boat suggested by agrave reasoner on this narrative, a supposition which is utterly inadmissible, it is within compass to suppose, thatit was a wretched Sarmatian vessel from the Black Sea. Leaving this non sequitur to the Middle-Age geographerwith whom it originated, it may be observed that tints ofthe Ogygian impressions still colour the mists of this question. Some of the most thinking among modern writershave supposed the Mediterranean to have been once a vastlake, the waters of which, having been suddenly increasedby the irruption of those of the Black Sea, in consequenceof some violent cataclysm, forced a passage through the Gut,and produced the awful inundation which submerged theisland of Atlantis. This bursting of lakes has been a morefavourite point with cosmogonists of former ages, than it is with present theorists. And with judgment : for natureadapts all her works most admirably to her designed end.No one ever yet saw a lake the barriers of which weresuddenly incapable of resisting the contained water. Ittherefore follows that the flood, earthquakes, subsidenceand upheaving of strata, must be the consequence of extra-ordinary volcanic action—one of the most powerful agentsin changing the form of the earth's surface. The hypothesis of a rush of waters from the east was longa popular axiom, and held its sway until it was combatedin form by the Count de Buffon. This eminent naturalistobjected to the premises of his predecessors, on the groundthat it is the Ocean which runs into the Mediterranean, and
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 119
not the latter into the former. ' Cette opinion,' he says,
' ne peut se soutenir, des qu'on est assure* que c'est FOcdan
qui coule dans la Mediterranee, et non pas la M^diterrane'e
dans TOcean/ He further viewed the inner sea as having
been a large lake, and considered that the Strait of Gibraltar was owing to a sudden disruption produced by some acci- dental cause, as an earthquake or a sinking of land, or other- wise by a violent effort of the ocean. This he strengthened
and supported on the supposition that similar strata are observable at equal heights on both sides of the strait ; and
he concludes that when the ocean broke through this barrier,
it rushed with overwhelming velocity into the lake. Here,
aided by the former bursting of the Euxine through the
Bosporus, the waters inundated the continent, transformed
its marginal plains and valleys into sea-gulfs, and left only
the eminences uncovered which now form Italy and the
various islands. This idea, to which some of the ancient
inferences closely approximated, was hardly originated by
Buffon, though many of the details might be his own. Long before he took the field, the authors of the Universal
History (vol. iii., p. 239, folio edition, 1 744) had published
these words ; —' In the hypothesis of the ancients, the Palus
Mceotis, the Pontus Euxinus, the Propontis and Mediterranean, were originally so many lakes, which, after having broke down, as it were, the dikes that parted them,
with the impetuosity of their waters, opened themselves a
passage between the mountains of Atlas and Calpe into the
ocean. It is, perhaps, more likely that the ocean, having
with the impetuosity of its waters dismembered the mountain of Calpe from the lands of Africa, poured itself into that vast space now called the Mediterranean, and, penetrating to the north, produced the Propontis, the Pontus,
and the Palus Mceotis.' So far one reverie was as good as another ; and even the
old Sarnothracian tradition relative to the bursting of the
Bosporus—whether in consequence of volcanic action, of
120 PRELIMINARY MATTER.
which vestiges are still observable, or from the pressure
of accumulated waters—must not be lost sight of; especially as the forms of the islands, and their denudation, coun- tenance the idea of their having been effected by a sudden
and violent rush of waters. But Buffon, attached to theorems,
became ambitious of taking the lead, by establishing his inference as a final authority, and a problem proved by
facts : and, indeed, it was more palatable than his patronage
of the dreams of spontaneous generation. The quidnuncs
who criticised his speculation insisted that, if his opinion was of any value, the eastern waters of the Mediterranean
would inevitably prove to be comparatively shallow. WhereSonnini's upon his bosom friend, M. Sonnini de Manoncourt, asserted
' that he had himself found this confirmation of the theory,
having, at BufTon's request, sounded the depth of the sea between Sicily and Malta, where he gained bottom in from
twenty-five to thirty fathoms ; and that in the middle of the
channel, where the water is deepest, the depth never ex- ceeded 100 fathoms; and further, that between Malta and
Cape Bon in Africa there is still less water, the lead indicating no more than from twenty-five to thirty fathoms throughout
the whole length of that passage. Now this, to use the
softest term such an assertion admits of, is outrageously
incorrect, for I can, from repeated trial, declare that thirty
fathoms are only obtainable in-shore, till the experimenter
arrives at the Adventure Bank ; and there are parts to the
north-west of Malta, right in the line for Cape Bon, where
I have been unable to strike bottom with 500 fathoms
of line. Again, we are assured that the same industrious
explorer discovered that the Levant Basin is very shallow
indeed, especially between the Archipelago and the shores
of Libya : in this case, surely some astonishing change
must have occurred, or how could I have found profound
depths in the same space in less than half a century after- wards ! I obtained from 70 to 90 fathoms, deepening to 150 and 250. at a small distance from the shore all along
PRELIMINARY MATTER. 121
the Libyan coast ; and tried in vain for soundings with 500
fathoms of line further out. At this time I was not aware
of the Sonnini discoveries,* and the argument derived from
them, or I would have attended more closely to the question.
But on becoming acquainted with them afterwards, and to give that gentleman fair play, I wrote to my former assis- tant, Captain Graves, to try the northern side of the Levant
Basin, in the neighbourhood of Cyprus. That active officer captainfound 100 fathoms depth at about two miles from the
Graves* island, and at about double that distance he had no bottom
with 200 : between the west end of Cyprus and the coast of Caramania, he struck ground in 650 fathoms ; but about
halfway between Cyprus and the coast of Egypt, he payed
out 1000 fathoms of line without finding bottom. Hence we see that the expounders of Buffon's theory were all adrift; and also that the oracular prediction of Cyprus
joining Asia Minor by the action and deposits of the Pyramus, is not likely to be yet fulfilled : but, in sober truth, it must be admitted that we are very little acquainted with
the depth of the deeper parts of those waters.f Quitting these portentous visions, however, which are Ancientsupported by little more than doubtful conjectures, it is quite views?°awithin the grasp of induction to investigate the effects and
alterations which have resulted under a system of traceable
causes, some extinct, but many still in ceaseless operation. Yet
in stating the geological knowledge which we seem so recently
to have obtained, it is impossible to forget that theoretically
there is hardly anything absolutely new ; for the system of
* Sonnini was an oracle in some circles. He suggested that Candia was detached from Africa by an inundation of the low lands which formerly
united them; an opinion, he says, which acquires an additional decree of probability when we direct our attention to the shallowness of the channel which separates them, 'whose bottom everywhere affords soundings!' For
Sonnini's accuracy of observation, even above water, see page 70. + For instance, while reading the proof of this sheet, a letter reaches me
from Sir Francis Beaufort, informing me of a new search for the supposed
rock 90 miles east of Malta, in which no bottom was gained with 2500
fathoms of line. We shall return to this.
122 MEDITERRANEAN DIVISIONS.
EratosPythagoras. Pythagoras, as preserved by Ovid, is exceedingly applicable
to our present notion of various phenomena in the inani- mate world. Eratosthenes (apud Strabonem) asked how
is it that ' two or three hundred stadia inland there are still found numerous sea-shells, as well oysters as mussels, especially near the Temple of Jupiter Ammon, and all along
the route leading to it?' And he cites with praise the names of Strato and Xanthus, as able geologists ; of whom
the latter, struck by the petrifactions which he saw far from
the sea, boldly pronounced that Armenia, Media, and
Phrygia were formerly under the sea. Much of this was
adopted by Pliny; and perhaps inspired Lucan with his well-known prediction on the changes which have taken
place in the Syrtes since his day ; nor can this paragraph
be better closed than by an extract from the Pythagorean
philosophy (Ovid's Metamorphoses, book xv.), as rendered
by Dryden :

The face of places, and their forms, decay
;
And that is solid earth that once was sea
:
Seas in their turn retreating from the shore, Make solid land what ocean was before ; And far from strands are shells of fishes found, And rusty anchors fix'd on mountain ground.
And what were fields before, now wash'd and worn By falling floods from high, to valleys turn, And crumbling still descend to level lands
;
And lakes, and trembling bogs, are barren sands.
Strato. Xanthus.
Pliny. Lucan.
Mediterra- nean
features.
§ 2. The Divisions, Temperature, Colour, Luminosity, and the various substances found
in the waters of the Mediterranean Sea.
THE northern and southern shores of the Mediterranean
are greatly contrasted in feature ; the former expanding
into peninsulas, isthmuses, sinuosities, and islands, while
the configuration of the latter presents comparatively but
little articulated variation of form. Exclusive of the Black
Sea—which, however, must be considered as a part of it

BASINS. 123
this sheet of waters is naturally divided into two vast basins ; and these again are subdivided into particular portions. In the days of Strabo, this expanse was distinguished
into three basins ; the first comprehended the space between
the columns of Hercules and Sicily—the second, that be- tween Sicily and Rhodes—and the third, the sea between
Rhodes and the shores of Syria.
The first great basin of the modern division extends Basins from Gibraltar to Cape Bon and the Faro of Messina,
washing the bases of the Pyrenees, the Alps, the Apennines,
and the range of Mount Atlas ; and it is again subdivided
into two unequal parts by the islands of Corsica and Sardinia. The second, or inner grand basin, is of twice the
area of the first ; it extends from the coasts of Tunis and
Sicily to those of Egypt and Syria, stretching on the north
into two distinct and separate basins, known as the Adriatic
and Archipelago ; while on the south, the Gulf of Libya
penetrates deeply into the African continent. The eastern portion of this basin is interrupted by Cyprus alone : it was anciently subdivided into the Pamphylian, Syrian,
and Phoenician seas ; but is now universally known as the
Levant—a term, however, more proper for its coasts than
its waters. Such are the commonly received designations ; but Subdivi-geographers and pilots are rather vague in their denominations of the several subdivisions ; and many portions
being without physical boundaries, are only distinguished
by epithets properly applicable rather to particular spots.
Thus the space included between the Balearic Islands and
the coast of Spain (Mare Balearicum), is called at times
the sea of Majorca, and at others the sea of Valencia ; to the west of Italy the waters are called the Tyrrhenian, the
Ligustic, the Tuscan, or the Italian indifferently ; and when
viewed with regard to the Adriatic, they are often termed
the Lower Sea, the two being the Mare superum and
Mare inferum of ancient geography. The Sicilian sea
124 TEMPERATURE.
washes the shores of the numerous isles which stud the
centre of the Mediterranean ; to the east of which—between Sicily and Western Greece—it joins the Ionian sea. From the south of Italy to the shores of Albania is the mouth of the Adriatic, or Gulf of Venice ; and the
space embraced by Greece and Asia Minor is the iEgean or Archipelago —the White Sea of the Turks. From this
last a strait—the well-known Dardanelles (Hellespontus)—
conducts us to the Sea of Marmora (Propontis) ; and
another, now called the Strait of Constantinople (Bosporus
Thracius) leads to the once-dreaded Black Sea (Pontus
Euxinus). To the north-east of this breadth of waters is. the Sea of Azof (Palus Mceotis), the utmost maritime
limit in that quarter; though some insist that a strait once connected this part with the Caspian Sea, along
the very peculiar and depressed plain beyond the Caucasus. The authorities are strangely discordant.
Tempera- From the laws of gravitation it is inferred that the
surface of the ocean is always at the same distance from
the centre of the earth, and before the discovery that far above the freezing point the specific gravity again decreases, it was supposed that the temperature of its water
decreases in proportion to its depth ; whence some con- cluded that the profoundest gulfs must be coated with
eternal ice. This theory is raked by fact. The result of my experiments leads to the conclusion that there actually
exists a very sensible diminution between the surface temperature, and that obtained at great depths ; and the dif- ference may be roundly estimated as about one degree for every twenty fathoms of line near the surface, save where
the agency of subterranean currents may be at work, for such streams are undoubtedly connected with oceanic in- fluences : but below about 180 fathoms, to our utmost
depths, the temperature varied but little from 42° or 43° of the Fahrenheit scale. We found that at equal depths the
warmth is rather higher alongshore than in the offing,
still no reliance can be placed here upon thermometrical
ture.
TEMPERATUEE. 125
indications of an approach to land, or a great bank, as taught
in the Atlantic Ocean : and the supposed heating of the waves is a mistaken sensation produced by the cooling of the atmosphere in the mean time. The mere surface temperature is very variable, according to the weather and the
altitude of the sun, differing at sunrise and in the after- noon by three or four degrees, and even more. For my own experiments, I caused a hollow perforated Experii ments.cylinder to be made as non-conductive of caloric as the
metal would permit, in which was placed one of the excellent self-registering thermometers invented by James
Six. This was occasionally cast overboard to a depth of eight fathoms, and the mean results during several years
give a difference from the temperature of the air of only 1'5 to 3"5; the greater variations being in the sum- mer months. A comparison of my eight-fathom observations, with those of the ocean furnished by Mr. Purdy, led me to conclude that the Mediterranean waters average
about 3*5 of Fahrenheit more heat than those of the western part of the Atlantic Ocean. Around Sicily I found
the comparative summer temperature still higher, even at a greater depth, it being 10° or 12° warmer than the water
is stated to be outside the Strait of Gibraltar ; which
accounts for a greater evaporation, and consequent effect on the currents. The surface temperature of the waters near Sicily was often higher than what was shown a few
fathoms below it ; but as that condition naturally de- pended in great measure on the state of the superincumbent atmosphere, and was a complicated condition, it was not included in the general estimate. The usual tint of the Mediterranean Sea, when undis- Colour. turbed by accidental or local causes, is a bright and deep
blue ; but in the Adriatic a green tinge is prevalent ; in the
Levant Basin, it borders on purple ; while the Euxine often has the dark aspect from which it derives its modern
appellation. The clear ultramarine tint is the most general,
and has been immemorially noticed, although the dia-
126 COLOUR AND LUMINOSITY.
phanous translucence of the water almost justifies those
Colour. who assert that it has no colour at all. But notwithstanding
the fluid, when undeflled by impurities, seems in small
quantities to be perfectly colourless, yet in large masses it assuredly exhibits tints of different intensities. That the
sea has actually a fine blue colour at a distance from, the
land cannot well be contradicted ; nor can such colour
however influential the sky is known to be in shifting tints —be considered as wholly due to reflection from the
heavens, since it is often of a deeper hue than that of the
sky,* both from the interception of solar light by the
clouds, and the hues which they themselves take. This is difficult to account for satisfactorily, as no analysis has yet
detected a sufficient quantity of colouring matter to tinge
so immense a body of water : wherefore Sir Humphrey
Davy's supposition of an admixture of iodine cannot be
admitted, for its presence is barely traceable under the most
careful analysis. Those who contend for there being no
colour at all, may remind us that the blue rays are the
most refrangible ; and that being reflected in greatest
quantity by the fluid (which, because of its density and
depth, causes them to undergo a strong refraction) they
cause a tint which is only apparent. Be that as it may, seamen admit of one conclusion—namely, that a green
hue is a general indication of soundings, and indigoblue of profound depth.
Luminosity. The peculiar occasional luminosity of this sea was
particularly noticed by Pliny and many elders, and, in common with that of other waters, it has long been a subject of scientific inquiry, rational conjecture, and ignorant
wonderment ; and it is really as difficult of a full solution
as it is superbly beautiful in effect. Every assignable
* When the surface of the sea reflects heavy clouds, so as to be apparently darker than usual, it is looked upon as the prognostic of bad
weather.
COMPONENTS. 127
cause has been advanced ; putrescent fish, electricity,
atomic friction, cosmical vortices, absorption and emission
of solar beams, and what not, have all and severally been
brought forward, and after various tilts of discussion, laid aside again. But most naturalists now impute this phosphorescent appearance partly to the decomposition of animal substances, and partly to the countless myriads of mollusca, Crustacea, infusoria, and other animalcules which
can voluntarily emit a luminous brilliance, the chemical
nature of which is still unknown.
Regarding the constituents of the Mediterranean water, Compo-, . nents.the analysts of former days were at considerable variance

for while some—observing the rapid desiccation of salt from its brine—maintained its muriate of soda to be considerably above that of the average of oceanic water, others would not admit that there existed any difference. Recent
experiments, however, have shown that the water of the Mediterranean contains full four per cent, of salt, while that
of the Black Sea has only a smaller proportion. M. Bouillon la Grange investigated the subject with great persever- ance ; and his conclusion is, that assuming the proportion
of saline matter in the water of the Atlantic Ocean to be
38, that of the English Channel will be 36, and that of the
Mediterranean 41. On returning to England in the winter of 1820, I Dr. Marcet.became acquainted with the late Dr. Marcet, who was then
studying the chemical composition of sea-water procured
from different parts of the globe. Among other matters,
he mentioned that Mr. Smithson Tennant and himself had
been extremely desirous of getting specimens from great
depths at and near the Strait of Gibraltar, in order to ascertain how the inner sea rids its waters of their excess
of salt; and that having furnished Dr. Macmichael with an
adapted machine, that gentleman procured them some
water in the Strait at a depth of 250 fathoms, but found it fruitless to attempt to gain bottom, ' from the impossibility
128 THE WOLLASTON ANALYSIS.
of reaching it, on account of the great depth at that spot/
Hereupon I assured him that bottom should be struck on my return thither, as I had then no notion of the difficulty to be encountered ; for having found ground between Tarifa
and Tangier in 160 fathoms, it was natural to conclude
there would be no violent difference through the whole
strait of Strait. But we found to the east that no bottom was obtainGibraltar. able with 1000 fathoms of line, and that from the ship's
drift, the line quickly formed a diagonal curve. By the
employment of two vessels, however, so that the headmost
could cast the line, and be met by the drift of the sternmost one while the weight was descending, we obtained soundings throughout this celebrated opening in 1824, for the
first time since it was navigated. The depths varied from
700 and 750 to 950 fathoms, which last was struck as nearly
as possible in a vertical line, on a bottom of gravel and
sand, mixed with spoils of testaceous creatures and coral- line fragments. Indeed, the whole Mediterranean Sea is so much deeper than would be expected from its proximity
to surrounding lands, that it seems to be what, in geological
dynamics, is termed a sunken basin. But the revealment of this chasm was not more surprising than was the result obtained by the analysis of water
procured in the immediate vicinity; for except in that
instance, we detected no difference of density with increas- ing depths: and the whole is so remarkable, that I will
Dr. woiias- give the account in Dr. William Hyde Wollaston's own
ton's ana- g lysis. words—it being the last document addressed by that philosopher to the Royal Society, before whom it was read on
the 18th of December, 1828:—
The object of the present communication is to do justice to the memory
of my late friend, Dr. Marcet, by recording the result of one of his latest
efforts in the cause of science. In his examination of sea-water, of which he gave an account in the
Philosophical Transactions for 1819, the specimens with which he had been
supplied from different depths in the Mediterranean had not been sufficient to show what becomes of the vast amount of salt brought into that sea by
the constant current which sets eastward through the Straits of Gibraltar.
THE WOLLASTON ANALYSIS. 129
For though the escape of the water of that current may be fully accounted
for by its evaporation, which must be very rapid and copious on the sunny
shallows of Africa, yet the salt which that water held in solution must
remain in the basin of the Mediterranean, or escape by some hitherto unexplained means of exit. In the hope of obtaining a more abundant supply of water from the
greatest accessible depths, especially near the Straits, he begged assistance from Captain William Henry Smyth, R.N., who was engaged to make a survey of certain parts of that sea ; and supplied that officer with the appa- Apparatus,ratus for raising water from great depths, which was contrived by Mr. Ten- nant, and is described in the communication already referred to.* The zeal with which Dr. Marcet himself prosecuted his inquiries was so well known, that others were always willing to second his efforts, from a confidence that their labour would not be unprofitably wasted ; and Captain
Smyth did not fail to take every opportunity of collecting specimens in the
course of his survey. But when he heard that Dr. Marcet was no more, not being aware of the interest with which the specimens would be received and examined by many surviving friends, he was unfortunately but too ready to oblige other persons with portions of his collection, which were
afterwards applied by them to other objects. Nevertheless, at the time I had the good fortune to be introduced to Captain Smyth, in the month of June, 1827, he still retained in his possession three bottles, the remainder of his stock, and at my request most obligingly Specimenssent them to me for examination. analyzed.Happily, one of them is such as to accord in the most complete manner
with the anticipation, that an accumulation of denser water might be found
at great depths in the neighbourhood of the Straits, from which a counter- current beneath, though far less rapid, might carry westward into the
Atlantic as much salt as enters with the eastward current near the surface from that ocean into the Mediterranean. The evidence of this will be comprised, indeed, in very few words; for though the two first specimens, taken at distances of about 680 and 450 miles from the Straits, and at depths of 450 and 400 fathoms respectively, do not exceed in density that of many ordinary samples of sea-water, yet the last,
* This is a slight error. Dr. Marcet was kind enough to superintend the making of a water-bottle for me, by Thomas Jones, of Charing Cross. It consists of a thick bell-metal cylinder, about ten inches long and six in diameter, with strong caps on the ends, each having conical apertures in the same direction, through which passes a metal rod, having a conical projection at each end, both ends fitting exactly in the conical apertures in the caps of the cylinder. When in use, the piston-rod is lifted up, and held firmly by a spring, whereby
the water can enter freely and pass upwards through the descending
cylinder, which is closed at any required depth by letting a perforated iron
ball slip down by the suspending line. This ball, on arriving, strikes the
spring, when the bottle is instantly closed and forcibly locked up by the
conical fittings, and water from the precise spot is obtained without a
possibility of the intermediate fluid affecting it. The contents were then
carefully emptied into bottles, corked, sealed, labelled, with all local particulars, and carefully placed in store.K
130 THE WOLLASTON ANALYSIS.
Under-current.
which was taken up at about 50 miles within the Straits, and from a depth
of 670 fathoms, has a density exceeding that of distilled water by more than
four times the usual excess, and accordingly leaves, upon evaporation, more
than four times the usual quantity of saline residuum. Hence it is clear, that an under-current outward of such denser water,
if of equal breadth and depth with the current inward near the surface, would
carry out as much salt below aS is brought in above, although it moved with
less than one-fourth part of the velocity, and would thus prevent a per- petual increase of saltness in the Mediterranean Sea beyond that existing in the Atlantic. On comparison of the relative specific gravities and quantities of salt, in the table subjoined to this paper, with those in Dr. Marcet's table, there may be remarked a want of accordance between the two experiments that
will require to be explained. This difference arises from the different temperatures at which his results and mine were dried. In his experiments the degree of heat chosen was 212° ; in mine, the temperature was raised beyond 300°. In each case,
it will be seen that the quantity of saline contents to be obtained may be
estimated from the specific gravity, by multiplying the excess of density above that of distilled water by a certain factor, which will vary with the temperature that we may select for drying. At 212° this factor is about "144, and the product will then represent the saline contents -\- a quantity of water retained by the deliquescent salts. At 300°, and upwards, the factor is only "134, on account of a nearer approach to perfect desiccation. TABLE.
No. 12
3
Latitude. I Longitude. Depth. Sp. Gravity. Salt pr. Cent.
38° 30' 37° 30' 36° 0'
4°30/ E. 1° 0' E. 4° 40' W.
450 fins. 400 „
670 „
1-0294
1-0295
1-1288
4-05
3-99
17-3
Gibraltar 36° r 5° 22' W.
Remarks on
the analysis. The high specific gravity here detected in No. 3, and
the large amount of its saline contents, are so absolutely
surprising, that I was in hopes that long ere this the matter
would have had a fuller investigation ; especially as Admiral
Sir Edward Codrington promised both Dr. Wollaston and
myself that he would attend to it, and for that purpose
took out the machine I had used ; but the Battle of Navarino clapped the stopper on. Meanwhile, my friend Sir Charles Lyell objects to the doctor's postulatum of carry-
SPECIFIC GRAVITY. 131
ino- the salt out of the Mediterranean, on the inference that the dense water cannot possibly escape, because the bottom
of the sea rises between Gapes Spartel and Trafalgar, as appears ' by Captain Smyth's soundings, which Dr. Wollaston had not seen;' and he therefore concludes, that great
quantities of salt would probably be deposited on the bed
of that sea, in consequence of such a submarine barrier. Yet this ingenious theory can hardly be the true one, since the armings of our lead would have brought up salt from
the deepest bottoms, instead of the mud, sand, and shells which we found. We still require much further information upon this subject; but in the meantime, I think cause
will be shown why Dr. Wollaston cannot be right : indeed,
it is not improbable that we might have struck upon a
spring of brine. (See page 160.)
As the question is of high import, it may be as well to compare the specific gravity of Mediterranean water in various parts of its extent, and at various depths, with that of the Atlantic Ocean, of which the mean is assumed as = 1*0283. The results obtained in the Aid were, by means
of Clarke's hydrometer, so delicately adjusted, that when
placed in distilled water, the mark of 100 grains exactly
coincided with the surface line; and the experiments were made only in the finest weather : —
SirC.Lyell'sobjection.Specific gravity.Place. Experimenter. The Strait of Gibraltar . . . Marcet
Inside the Strait (50 miles) . . Wollaston Off Marseilles Tennant Between Spain and the Baleares Smyth Between Minorca and Barbary . Wollaston Between Carthagena and Oran . Wollaston Between Sardinia and Naples . Smyth
In the mouth of the Adriatic . Smyth
Between Malta and Cyrene . . Smyth
Entrance of the Hellespont . . Marcet Mouth of the Bosphorus . . . Marcet The Black Sea Marcet
Depth. Fathoms. 250
670
(surface)
* 8 450
400
6045
6034
30
(surface)
Sp. Gi-avity. 1-0301
1-1288 1-0273
1-0270
1-0294
1-0295 1-0285
1-0291 1-0283
1-0282
1-0144
1-0141 Some of these and other sea-waters being submitted to analysis by Dr. Marcet, he obtained this final result of the
K 2
Components
132 COMPONENTS OF THE MEDITERRANEAN.
components precipitated by evaporation from 500 grains of the fluid ; namely

Muriate of soda 13-8 Sulphate of soda 2*33 Muriate of lime 0'975
1 Muriate of magnesia 4 -955 21-460* While these crucial experiments were in hand, Dr. Wollaston put the question, as to whether it was not probable
rotash. that traces of potash might be found in sea-water ? Dr. Marcet instantly conceived its possibility, and begged
Wollaston himself to test his own suggestion, which being
complied with, the fact was soon established. {Phil. Trans.
1819, pp. 199—203). From the discovery of substances not previously known to exist in sea-water, Dr. Marcet
much wished to repeat and correct his analyses; but he was
not spared for that purpose, or he might have detected the
iodine and two new elements—iodine and bromine—which have been
faintly traced in oceanic fluid since his death. Perhaps the
most perfect analysis hitherto made of Mediterranean
water, is that of M. Laurens {Journal de Pharmacie, xxi. 93):—
Grains. Water 959-06
Chloride of sodium 27*22
Chloride of magnesium . . . 6*14 Sulphate of magnesia . . . . 7 02
Sulphate of lime 0*15 Carbonate of lime 0*09 Carbonate of magnesia . . . 0"11 Carbonic acid 0"20 Potash 001
Iodine . faint trace. Extractive matter .... a trace. 1000-00
Mediterra- Several elements of inquiry have, however, remained
nean . physics, almost untouched, the principal of which relate to light,
* It should be remarked, that those ingredients which sea-water holds
in a state of complete solution, are not united with it by any very intimate chemical combination, for they can be separated by distillation : yet the union is far from being simply mechanical.
SEA PRESSURE. 133
heat, and the calorific effects actually in operation. It is admitted that the sea is impregnated with a mixture of
gases, which especially affect the portion near its surface

yet M. Biot found that water which he drew up from a depth
of 550 fathoms, yielded a mixture which contained no less than twenty-eight hundredths of respirable oxygen. ' But
here/ he observes, l several important questions in terrestrial physics present themselves, which cannot be solved by the
apparatus I then employed. In proportion to the descent
into the sea, does the pressure of the superior portion upon Pressure,the inferior become greater ; and as a column of sea-water,
eleven yards in height, is nearly of the same weight as a column of air of an equal base, extending from the surface of the earth to the limit of the atmosphere, it follows that, at a depth of 1100 yards, the water sustains a pressure of 100 atmospheres. How enormous, then, must this pressure be on beds still lower, if the mean depth of the sea, at a
distance from the coasts, extends for several miles, as the
laws of gravitation seem to indicate/ A question thence
arises, as to the depth of water necessary to produce the
liquefaction of those gases. Estimating the height of a column of water equal to the pressure of an atmosphere in the usual way, at thirty-four feet, and neglecting the saline contents of the sea, as well as the probable compression of water itself at vast depths, Dr. Faraday has shown (Philo- Faraday.sophical Transactions for 1823) the pressure and temperature at which the gaseous substances below enumerated
become liquid in his experiments; and it results that those
gases could not exist as such below the depths marked in
feet on the last column.
Feet. Sulphurous acid gas liquefies under 2 atmospheres, at 45° .. 68 Cyanogen gas ,, 36 „ 45° .. 123
Chlorine gas ,, 4 60° .. 136 Ainmoniaeal gas „ 6-5 50° .. 221
Sulphuretted hydrogen gas ,, 17 50° .. 578
Carbonic acid gas „ 36 32° .. 1224
Muriatic acid gas ,, 40 50° .. 1360
Nitrous oxide gas ,, 50 45° .. 17()<>
134 BOTTOM OF THE MEDITERRANEAN.
Fundus
maris.
Donati
Bottom
of the
Adriatic.
The fundus maris, or bottom of the Mediterranean Sea,
must, except inferentially, remain mostly unknown ; but
recent surveys—together with the labours of Count Marsigli
off the coasts of Provence and Languedoc, and those of Dr. Donati in the Adriatic—go far to prove that this vast
basin, at its creation, was composed of the same substances
as the rest of the earth is ; and that an artificial bottom of
depositions and incrustations has filled all the interstices. In the forty-ninth volume of the Philosophical Transactions, Mr. Trembley gives a summary of Donates contribution towards a ' Natural History of the Adriatic Sea/
the conclusions from which shall be subjoined : and although
the Mediterranean basin is so extensive, and covered in most parts with an unfathomable depth of water, the
observations of the Italian Professor on the available portion
which he experimented upon, are of great value in an
endeavour to form a judgment of the whole :

His (Donati's) inquiries have enabled him to determine, upon his own
knowledge, that there is very little difference between the bottom of the
Adriatic Sea and the surface of the neighbouring countries. There are at
the bottom of the water, mountains, plains, valleys, and caverns, just as upon the land. The soil consists of different strata, placed one upon another
;
and, for the most part, parallel and correspondent to those of the rocks,
islands, and neighbouring continents. They contain stones of different
sorts, minerals, metals, various petrified bodies, pummice-stones, and lavas formed by volcanoes.
Istria, Morlachia, Dalmatia, Albania, and some other adjacent countries, as well as the rocks, the islands, and the correspondent bottom of the
Adriatic Sea, consist of a whitish marble, of an uniform grain, and of almost an equal hardness. It is of that kind of marble called by the Italians marmo di Rovigno, and known to the ancients by the name of marmotTvaguriense. This vast bed of marble, in many places under both the earth and sea, is interrupted by several other kinds of marble, and covered by a great variety
of bodies. There are discovered there, for instance, gravel, sand, and earths more or less fat. The variety of these soils under the sea is remarkable. It is to this that Dr. Donati ascribes the varieties observed with respect to the nature and
quantity of plants and animals found at the bottom of the sea. Some places are inhabited by a great number of different species of plants and animals
;
in others, only some particular species are found; and lastly, there are other
places, in which neither plants nor animals are to be met with. The observations not only point out to us the affinity and resemblance
SILT-BEARING ACTION. 135
between the surface of the earth and the bottom of the sea, but may like- wise contribute to discover to us one cause of the varieties which are observed in the distribution of the marine fossils found in the earth. Having had the advantage of the experience of Donati, Adriatic
actions. Fortis, and De Luccio, I paid much attention to their
results, and found the operation of the winds and currents of the Adriatic to be very uniform. The accumulation of matter on the western shore is readily accounted for by the
constant set of the waters along the coasts of Albania,
Dalmatia, and Istria ; from whence they sweep along by
Friuli, Venice, and Romagna, bearing their own silts, and
carrying along the alluvial deposits of the rivers at the
head of the Gulf: insomuch that the Yenetian ports are encumbered, Ravenna is now high and dry inland ; and from
thence to the Isonzo, there is an uninterrupted series of terrene accessions. A singular effect is observed from the Singular
effect occasional strength of the river action over that of the
current. Between the Malamocco and Parenzo, about the
middle of the passage, there is a muddy bank resting on
the solid limestone and concretions ; it is about three miles
in breadth, and in length extends to opposite Comacchio.
In calms, the surface above it appears smooth and nearly
stagnant, while the current which runs on each side, being
weakened by diffusion over it, deposits matter in the centre

and thus, in the lapse of ages, an island may be formed.
The coast just to the north of it, having its rivers under
tidal action, though small, is broken into estuaries ; but as that action weakens, it enables the Po to form a delta. The bottom, however, of that part of the Adriatic between
the Po and Trieste, being everywhere of moderate depths,
forms a submarine plateau, which must be considered
as only the continuation of the great plains of Lombardy
and Friuli. A study of the motions in the Adriatic waters affords a
tolerable clue to those of the Mediterranean in general.
When fresh winds, by their friction, for any considerable
136 HYDROGRAPHIC DIVISIONS.
time, force the surface waters home in some given direction against the coast, the movement is quite sufficient to carry any mechanically-suspended substances to distances proportionate to the strength and duration of the cause : and
when a current of water freighted with matter passes a projecting point, or flows through a narrow channel, so that by
pressure and resistance its rapidity is increased, and passes from thence into a bay or opening, where its force is weakened by diffusion, it will deposit the chief part of its burden at the bottom of that wider space. It is thus by
natural means, in ceaseless action, that constant cargoes of
detritus and matter in solution are borne to the sea, and
there committed to the currents by rivers and torrents
;
and to these are added the heavy occasional falls of the
cinders, ashes, and lapilli, thrown out from volcanoes. It
is not, therefore, matter of surprise, that the sedimentary
accumulations should have formed a thick coating over the
whole bottom.
Basins. Perhaps the most remarkable submarine feature of the
Mediterranean is its perfect hydrographic division into two
great basins by the form of its bottom ; thus confirming the
allotment made by geographers from a study of the form
of its shores. The barrier at the entrance of the Straits marks the commencement of the western basin, which de- scends to an abysmal profundity, and extends as far as the
central part of this sea, where it flows over another barrier,
and again falls into the as yet unfathomed depths of the
Levant basin. My means were not equal to my wishes in examining this surprising fact ; but after fixing (or rather
discovering) the subaqueous bank to which I gave the
Adventure name of Adventure, I got occasional moderate soundings
Bank. ' 8
.,.,.„nearly across from Sicily to Tunis, in a winding line of connexion crowned by the Skerki rocks—doubtless, as already stated, the now-abraded Arse of Virgil (see page 93).
Yet in making an occult line on my chart, to indicate this
rise from a depth at present beyond estimate, I by no
THE ADVENTURE BANK. 137
i i i !! !.
*v
opopoooooo
— M rc -r ..-. -C I- X C> C
means meant it as a mark for shoal water in which navigation is concerned ; for though I found occasional spots of from 30 to 90 fathoms, and still less near the central reefs, there were 140,
157, and 260 fathoms on either side, as
also places where 190 and 230 fathoms
of line were run out without striking
bottom. The Adventure Bank is developed from this deep ridge, and is a comparatively shallow plateau, affording Submarinegood anchorage in many parts ; and it
is much frequented by fish. A section through these basins carried across Palestine into that chasm, the Valley of the Jordan and the Dead Sea—which Dead Sea.last is 350 fathoms deep, with a surface 256 fathoms below the level of the
Mediterranean — would unfold a wonderful geological structure in the eastern boundary. Another section through the
central part, in a line of 240 miles north- west and south-east, through the Skerki
and Adventure banks, under a proportion of thirty in length to one in depth,
is given in the annexed diagram.
While Sicily is thus shown to be a Continental. & Pelagiccontinental island, there is that prodi- islands,gious depth of water around Corsica and
Sardinia which marks them at once as pelagic : and the Mediterranean in general is so much deeper than analogy
and the proximity of lands would lead us to expect, as to countenance the
idea of its sunken basins being partly
formed by volcanic agency.
138 FORM OF THE COASTS.
Coast con- On glancing over the general chart, we cannot but be
tour.
. . struck with the marked difference between the northern and
southern distribution of the great terrestrial masses which
give form and feature to the coasts : yet, however accidental
that contrariety may appear to be, it offers a characteristic development in geological chronology, since there could not have been any depression or elevation of the included
waters, without a sensible alteration of littoral contour, such
constituting the true line of contact between the land and
the sea surface. Such a datum is absolutely necessary to further inquiry, for the whole shores are as remarkable for difference of altitude as for variety of outline. In giving an opinion on the general permanence of the
sea-level, I am aware that many men, and some of them of
respectable authority, have entertained a different view
;
but modern accuracy has dissipated most of the classic and
mediaeval visions on this point. In the tenth century, OmarOmar el- . . . Aaiem. el-Aalem (Omar the Wise), attacked the question with
laborious industry, and produced his work on the *Ebh (el jezr) of the Sea. On comparing the documents of his own
time with some said to have been written 2000 years before,
he became convinced that important changes had taken
place from the subsidence of the waters ; and he considered
his opinion to be confirmed by the numerous salt-ponds in the interior of Asia, a conclusion also recently arrived at by
Pallas, the eminent Prussian traveller. Even had Omarbeen misled, as hath been suggested, by the features and
phenomena of the Caspian Sea, he might have recanted
his error, without fear of the banishment, or impeachment
of his understanding, which he actually incurred. But his intention is not very clear; and possibly his work refers only to the effect of tides observable in the Persian Gulf,
Red Sea, and Indian Ocean.
139
§ 3. The Extent, Supply, and Evaporation
of the Mediterranean Sea.
rPHE headlands, bays, and sinuosities in the margin of -- this aqueous expanse—so many centuries acted upon
by the united effects of breakers, wind-wave action, tidal streams, and terrene displacement—render it difficult to
state dimensions with positive accuracy in a few words

and even the entering into comparatively exact details would be tedious and indistinct. The substantial elements,
however, shall be given, and for minute particulars the chart may be consulted. The Mediterranean Sea extends from the longitude of Extent. 6° west to 36° east of Greenwich, while the extreme limits of its latitudes are from 30° to 46° north ; and, in round
numbers, its length, from Gibraltar to its farthest extremity
in Syria, is about 2000 miles, with a breadth varying from
80 to 500 miles, and, including the Black Sea, a line of shore of 4500 leagues. The ancients, who considered this sea a very large portion of the terrestrial globe—although
it turns out to be but equal to about one-seventieth part of the Pacific Ocean—assigned to it a much greater length, as
will be shown in Part IV., § 1 ; but Strabo seems to have strata's m-. . . . P
mensions.nattened-m largely, since his principal distances lor esta- blishing its length were :

Stadia. Nautic miles. From the Columns of Hercules to the Straits of Sicily 12,000 ... 1028
( 'ape Pachynum to west end of Crete . . 4500 ... 380
East end of Crete to Alexandria .... 3000 ... 257
Alexandria to Rhodes 3600 ... 308 From Rhodes to Iseus 5000 ... 429 Measures so strangely distorted by Ptolemy !
140 THE AREA OF THE MEDITERRANEAN.
The superficial extent of the Mediterranean Sea, as intercepted between its various limits, and calculated by
the parallels of the latitudes and the longitudes of those
limits, from thence deducing the areas in square statute miles (which are used by Halley), may be thus tabulated :
The Western Basin 325,272 The Adriatic 52,819 The Levant Basin 518,755 The Archipelago 75,291 The Sea of Marmora ...... 4,644 The Black Sea „ 159,431 The Sea of Azof 13,075
Total surface .... 1,149,287
Kivers. Including the Black Sea as a branch of the Mediterranean, the chief feeders of this vast sheet of waters are the
great rivers Nile, Danube, Dnieper, Po, Ebro, and Rhone
;
there are also the secondaries, Yar, Magra, Arno, Ombrone,
Tiber, Adige, Isonzo, Tagliamento, Lo Drino, Samana,
Achelous, Alpheius, Meander, Pyramus, Bagrada, and
Mulvia ; besides which, the smaller streams and streamlets,
with their tributaries, are almost innumerable. Contrary,
therefore, to the long-received opinion respecting the scanty
supply of water poured into this sea by rivers, the quantity
which it is constantly receiving forms an important integer
;
although a number of these streams may not run above
a hundred miles, and the drainage of others may be comparatively small in proportion to the surface through which
they pass.
Freshwater Moreover, fresh-water springs exist in the sea, near the
springs.
# . shore, which are more or less copious according to circumstances ; but those of Stamfane rock and Syracuse are popularly held to proceed from the Alpheius by submarine
communication.* In the Gulf of Spezzia there is a spring
* In my Memoir of Sicily (page 171), it is mentioned that in the harbour
of Syracuse, opposite the fountain of Arethusa—and probably from the same
source—a copious spring of fresh water rises from the bottom, without
intermingling with the brine. It is called Occhio clella Zilica, or Alpheius, which Moschus (Idyllium, viii.) represents as bearing leaves and sacred dust from Elis.
FRESH-WATER SPRINGS. 141
which constantly discharges a very considerable body ofspezzia.
water, rising with such force as to produce a slight convexity on the surface ; this stream is probably derived from
a system of cavernous passages in the neighbouring limestone rocks, but its place, as marked on my plan of the
gulf, has been immemorially the same. In the Mare piccolo, or great port of Taranto, and at some distance from the Taranto.mouth of the Galesus, fresh water springs up in such force and abundance that it may be taken up without the least brackish mixture ; and in the briny lagoon of Thau, at Thau. Cette, there is a deep spot called the Avysse, from which
rushes up a column of potable water, with such force as even
to make waves. Near Ragusa, the Kalamota Channel
terminates in the port called Yal d' Ombla, which is watered
by the Ariona, a subterranean river bursting up with Arfona. amazing volume and force from the foot of Mount Bergatz

fresh-water springs are also copious in the gulfs of Cattaro and Aulona. At Agio Janni, below Parga, between the Agio Janni.mouths of the Acheron and Thyamis, is a circular space
of fresh water, about forty feet in diameter, rising through
the sea with great activity ; this is probably the ascending
spring alluded to by Pausanias, (Arcad. vii.) Off the little desert islet, Ruad, near Tortosa on the coast of Syria, a Ruad. spring of fresh water gushes up in the sea in such volume,
that it may be skimmed off without the slightest impregnation of salt. ' You may draw up potable water/ says
Pliny, 'out of the sea about the Chelidoniae islands and
at Aradus;' and there must be many unrecorded jets of Aradus. the same nature, mingling with the sea unnoticed.
These may seem but insignificant addenda to the supplies of the Mediterranean, in the opinion of the brinetheorists ; but in the aggregate they form a goodly volume,
and have all, perhaps, exerted their influence for many
ages. The duration of some is matter of record. In the
Argolicus Sinus, between Kiveri and Astros, is the Anavolo Anivoio.(Defoie), a copious spring of fresh water, rising with consi-
142 THE DEINE SPRING.
derable strength through the sea, at the distance of about a
quarter of a mile from the shore. If this can be reconciled
to the rather vague early notices with which it substantially
corresponds, it must have been thus in action for nearly
1700 years at least. From the account of Pausanias, Deine
appears to be the emissary of the Zarethra, which drained
the plain of Argos (Apyov, inert) ; and it is thus described by
Coi. Leake, my friend Colonel Leake :

c The body of fresh water appears
to be not less than fifty feet in diameter. The weather
being very calm this morning, I perceive that it rises with
such force as to form a convex surface, and it disturbs the
sea for several hundred feet around. In short, it is evidently
the exit of a subterranean river of some magnitude/
(Travels in the Morea, vol. ii. p. 480.)
Percolation. The general percolation is also very great : Pliny the
Younger, giving a description of his villa near Ostia, to Gallus, mentions the wells in his garden, adding, 'And
indeed the quality of this coast is rather remarkable ; for in whatever part soever you dig, you meet, upon the first turning up of the ground, with a spring of pure water, not
in the least salt, though so near the sea/ I have also
Reaches, noticed the same on the beaches of Calabria, the Terra di Bari, and the Capitanata ; and in my account of Sicily, I mentioned the well of good fresh water at Milazzo, which,
though several feet below the level of the sea, is so near, that it is only sheltered from the surf by a wall. In the same work, I also state, that on both sides of the Faro of
Messina, ' pure, though rather hard, fresh water is procured,
by digging a hole in the sand, within two or three feet of the margin of the sea ; this is occasioned by the filtering
and percolation of the fiumare (torrents), which, though
apparently dry, are never actually so ; and this accounts, in some measure, for the malaria arising on their banks/*
* Though not exactly in the same line of argument, perhaps I ought to mention those ebullitions near the volcanic regions, which arise from an
MEDITERRANEAN RIVERS. 143
It may be that, without the constant supplies from the River
*
. drainage.Straits of Gibraltar and the Black Sea, the Mediterranean
would not receive an equivalent to the loss by evaporation
from its rivers and atmospheric precipitation: but from
what is here advanced, it is evident that conclusions have
been made per saltum, and that the question requires a more assiduous attention than it has yet received. It must
be acknowledged, however, that great strides towards a
fuller knowledge have been made ; and the intelligent
Berghaus presents the following data for the condition and Berghaus.extent of drainage by the larger rivers :

MEDITERRANEAN FLUVIAL SYSTEM.
Rivers. Basins in square
miles.
Direct
length in geographical
miles.
Develop- ment in geographical
miles.
Extent
of windings.
Ratio of windings
to direct length. Nile . . . 520,200 ... 1320 . . 2240 .. . 920 . .. 07
Danube . . 234,080 ... 880 . . 1496 .. . 616 . . 07
Dnieper . . 169,680 ... 548 . . 1080 .. . 532 . . 1-0 Don . . . 168,420 ... 408 . . 960 .. . 552 . . 1-8 Po . . 29,950 ... 232 . . 352 .. . 120 . . 0-5 Rhone . . 28,160 ... 248 . . 560 .. . 352 . . 1-4 Ebro . . . 25,100 ... 268 . . 420 .. . 152 . . 0-5 Dniester . 23,040 ... 360 . . 440 .. . 80 . . 0-2
abundant disengagement of carbonic acid gas, sulphuretted hydrogen, and
other hot vapours from subaqueous vents ; for some of them being solvent, and others capable of decomposing rocks, they cannot be without effects. One of these, near Panaria, in the iEolian islands, is thus described in ray account of Sicily (page 260) : ' In this strait, a strong smell of sulphur is perceptible ; and in two places, near the north extremity, are springs emitting sulphureous gas, the bubbles of which rise in quick and constant succes- sion to the surface, where they have been known to flame on bursting in the atmospheric air. Wishing to ascertain something respecting this indication,
I submerged a thermometer in a bottle, which I found gave 97° of Fahrenheit, in 21 feet of water ; but not satisfied with the result, I had a
tin tube made for me by an ingenious mechanic of Messina, with a valve at each end, which, as it descended, allowed a free passage to the water ; but on being drawn up, closed at both ends by the pressure, and contained a
sufficient quantity of water to keep the thermometer to the heat of the depth to which it was lowered. The result obtained was 105° in 22 feet of water, while at the surface it was 84°, and at a mile distant the temperature
of the sea was 70,J,°, that of the atmosphere at the same time being 71°.' This was on the 22nd of April, 1815.
144 SUM OF THE RUNNING WATERS.
Supply and Such is the tabulated view of a general system ; but in
loss. the river ...with which I am personally best acquainted, the
Po, the numbers are small, for that rex fluviorum of Italian streams, and its tributaries, assuredly drain a basin, the
area of which cannot be much less than 40,000 square miles. In further assumptions on the dimensions and velocities of the principal effluents, M. Berghaus shows, that by taking
the running waters of Europe as unity, or 1*00, the quantity
discharged into the Black Sea will be as high as 0*27 parts,
Proportion while the Mediterranean receives only 0*14 ; the former
water, ingulfing nearly one-third part of all the running water of Europe. As these supplies must be deemed far too little to compensate the loss in vapour of so great a surface under
a powerful and often cloudless sun and hot winds—where
the air is proved by hygrometrical registers to have only
half the moisture of the English atmosphere—the oceanic
influx through the Straits, together with the surplus of the
Euxine, constantly flowing through the Dardanelles, maybe cited as making up the deficiency. Yet as these grand
steadiness affluents produce no perceptible increase in the height of the internal waters, that circumstance has attracted the
attention of philosophers ; but trustworthy evidence is still a desideratum. Theorists, indeed, threaten us with the
filling up of the Black Sea, in a handful of ages, by which
the shallower parts of the Levant Basin may become
exposed, and a new adjustment of levels take place : yet even under this condition, this sea would conform itself to the requisite balance, by means of its free communication
with the ocean, between Spain and Africa, where the stream,
as Horace said of his imaginary river, ceaseless flows and
must for ever flow

At ille Labitur, et labetur in omne volubilis aevum.
Haiiey's This brings us to the celebrated Halleian theory, which
is still the ne plus ultra of a numerous series of Mediter- ranean inquirers ; and which, having been proved by expe-
HALLEY'S THEORY. 145
riments at once plausible and ingenious, demands a brief recapitulation in this section. Halley—in whatever light we consider his extraordinary Haiiey. powers of mind and wonderful diversity of knowledge—was
one of the most remarkable of a galaxy of giants in science and literature, who illustrated the close of the seventeenth
century, and therefore must be approached with deference
and respect, even where there may exist a difference of opinion from him : at all events, he is entitled to the full merit of originality, nor would it be prudent to differ from
him without strong reasons. His essays on the quantity of vapour raised out of the sea by the heat of the sun, are printed in the Philosophical Transactions, and in the
first volume of the Miscellanea Curiosa. Upon certain assumptions derived from experiment, Halley holds that
' every ten square inches of the surface of the water, yields
in vapour, per diem, a cube-inch of water ; and each square
foot half a wine-pint ; every space of four foot, a gallon ; a mile square, 6914 tons ; a square degree, supposed of sixtynine English miles, will evaporate thirty-three millions of tons : and if the Mediterranean be estimated at forty
degrees long, and four broad, allowances being made for the places where it is broader by those where it is narrower
(and I am sure I ghess (sic) at the least), there will be 160
square degrees (761,760 statute miles) of sea ; and conse- quently the whole Mediterranean must lose in vapour, in a Lossbyevasummer's day, at least 5280 millions of tons/ This he
esteems to be a vast quantity, though as little as can be
concluded from the trials he made, adding—' And yet there remains another cause, which cannot be reduced to rule, I mean the winds, whereby the surface of the water is licked
up sometimes faster than it exhales by the heat of the sun

as is well known to those that have considered those drying
winds which blow sometimes/ Our philosopher then pro- ceeds very methodically to show, and gives figures for it, that little more than one-third of this is returned by the L
146 HALLEY'S THEORY.
nine great rivers—' the Iberus, the Bhone, the Tiber, the
Po, the Danube, the Neister, the Borysthenes, the Tanais,
and the Nile, all the rest being of no great note, and their quantity of water inconsiderable/ Under this impression,
by a laboured estimate founded on a calculation of the waters of the Thames at Kingston Bridge, he concludes
that the nine rivers contribute only 1827 millions of tons
in a day.
Remarks on Now it is inconceivable that one of such accurate powers
the theory. of calculation as Halley unquestionably possessed, should
have established so plausible a theory on such very imperfect
data ; and it is still more inconceivable that it should have
stood so long unshaken, although his own argument proves at once the fallacy of its premises, and consequently the untenableness of its result. With all the deference just mentioned,
and esteeming Captain Halley as a brother naval officer, as well as a brother-surveyor, I cannot look upon the keeping a
small vessel of water, by means of a pan of coals, for several hours at a summer-heat in this country, and measuring the
decreasing weight of water in a given time, to arrive at the
amount of evaporation, as at all meriting confidence ; especially as he has not given us the degree of ' summer heat/
although so main a point, and one of which he records that
Haiiey's the thermometer showed it nicely. However, by the methodpursued, he found that a depth of 0*1 inch, from a surface of eight inches in diameter, was vaporized in twelve hours;
and lumping together the summer and winter, as well as nights and days, of the thus assumed Mediterranean, he
reckoned that the same depth, 0*1 inch, may on the average
be evaporated every twenty-four hours. Starting with this very arbitrary and doubtful quantity from his ' little pan/ in which even the salted water was artificial, he obtained the
normal numbers just cited, by ' exact calculus/ Aliquandobonus dormitat Homerus : besides the jumble of inferen- tial brought into play, one of the most obvious and tangible
conditions of the theory is more than one-third of its
method.
THE THEORY RE-EXAMINED. 147
whole amount in error ; for the surface of the Mediter- Substantialerror. ranean, by recent measurements, has been shown to be
1,149,287 square statute miles, instead of 761,760 : so that the proportionate quantity of evaporation—or property by
which water has the power of emitting vapour of an elastic force proportioned to its temperature—by Halley's own
rule would be 7966 millions of tons, instead of 5280 : millions, per diem. And it should have been recollected, as a peculiarity of inland seas, that their shores in summer
are of a higher temperature than water, and hence the aerial dryness already alluded to : it therefore follows, that the
vaporization over such places will be much greater than ' that of the ocean, in the same parallels, where the air, saturated with aqueous vapour, continues at the same heat
for several days successively.
But as the Halleian Theory had become a received Re-exami-. 1 nationofpostulate in Mediterranean physics, it struck me that it theexpewould be as well to re-examine the whole argument ; and in order to test its merits, with better materials than Halley's,
the latest surveys, adjusted to the points determined by
Captain Gauttier and myself, were brought to bear on
the question. The superficial dimensions were established by rectangular sections of each of the chart divisions being
neatly cut to the limiting parallels of latitude and longitude, and then carefully weighed with a delicate balance : but as the evaporation from the sea must be in proportion
to the quantity of surface presented by the water to the
evaporative influence, it follows that, from the interposition of islands and promontories, the quantity would be very
unequal at different places,—a point which was not considered in Halley's computations. Moreover, another
quantity in the inquiry, depth, is still beset with uncertainty,—for though I sounded beyond 1000 fathoms with- out striking the bottom, further experiments to ascertain the greatest profundity were inconsistent with my means
and time, and therefore, in some of the deductions which will
148 METHOD OF TREATMENT.
Assumed follow, I resorted to a geographical mile as a unit of depth,
which inference fully warrants. After this operation, tables were drawn up, of which that on the opposite page is an
abstract : in which, as the third column of numbers is, from
what I have just stated, but a guess, the cubic contents will necessarily be vague and inconclusive, being only intended
Sea of Azof, as a mere assumption. From this remark, however, the Sea
of Azof may be excepted, since a fair approximation to the
amount of its contents can be obtained. This sea, which —if the assertion of Herodotus (Melpomene, lxxxvi.) has
any value—must have greatly contracted its boundaries even within the historical period, having been well sounded
throughout, allowed our weighing process to be conducted
with such nicety as to be within 0.1 grain = about seven
square miles. The mean depth was ascertained by crossing
the sea in seven different directions, noting the soundings at short intervals along each line, and then taking an average
of the whole. This may answer well enough in the present
state of the question ; but greater accuracy might have been
obtained by priming the chart paper with linseed-oil, and some preparation of lead, to increase its weight. An ex- ample of the treatment may suffice :

Measured Surface of Measured Surface
Basin. wejtf Log.
8ections
, Log. »&M Log. ofsea of the y as compared * of sea u
sections. above. only. deduced.
tion.
Grains. Statute miles. Grains. Sq.stat. miles. Western 518'57 .. 2-7148074 .. 331,257 .. 5-5201651 .. 509-20 .. 2-7068884 .. 325,272 Adriatic 91-30 ..
) -9604708 .. 54,147 .. 47335744 .. 89-06 .. 1-9496827 .. 52,819
other treat- Some of the methods of bringing out the deductions
tt^ques- about to be given, are considerably altered from those used
by Halley, because—I. A day is too short a period : a whole year should be taken as a cycle, in which all the va- rying temperatures of the different seasons complete their rounds, and become equalized. II. As the initial or start- ing point is 01 inch evaporated in twenty-four hours, there was no occasion for leaving this linear measure, and going
to measures of capacity and weight—as wine-pints and tons;
METHOD OF TREATMENT. 149 more especially as all the other quantities are in measures Conditionsof length : and by keeping to one quantity throughout, the
subsequent correction of the result is so much the more
easy, should more correct experimental data be afterwards
procured. Taking, therefore, 0*1 inch in twenty-four hours
to be -000001515150 of an English statute mile in the same length of time, and '0005533973 of a mile in one
year, the quantity evaporated is here given in cubic miles.
III. The evaporation about Alexandria must be so very
much greater than in the Sea of Azof, that in stating the
amount for each basin, some modification of the mean
quantity adopted for the whole Mediterranean, became
necessary. Considering, therefore, that under the equator
and a vertical sun the vaporization would be a maximum,
and that under the perpetual ice at the pole it would be
nothing, the amount may safely be assumed to vary as the
cosine of the latitude—the 0*1 inch in twenty-four hours
being considered the quantity at 40° of polar altitude. On
that principle, therefore, the evaporated quantities of each
basin have been modified according to their distance above
or below 40 degrees of latitude ; and the following are the
results

Division. The Western Basin The Adriatic Sea . The Levant Basin . The Archipelago
Mean
latitude. 39° 00' 42 30
34 30
37 45
'he Sea of Marmora 40 40 The Black Sea . The Sea of Azof
43 45
46 15
Mediterranean total
Area in square
miles.
, 325,272
52,819 518,755
75,291
4,644 159,431
13,075
1,149,287
Depth in miles ? •9
1
•1•05 •107 •0079
Cubic Annl. evap. contents in in cubic
cubic miles ? 292,744
5,282 311,253
7,529 232
17.059
102-9
634,201-9
inches. 180-66
28-13 308-84
43-01 254
83-20 653
652-91 In conclusion : —Halley also attempted to get at the Evapora-quantity returned in the form of showers. This he hoped
to obtain by calculating the tons of water brought down by
the various Mediterranean rivers ; of which, taking about
half a dozen, and estimating that each brings down ten times as much water as the Thames, he finds the evapora-
150 CONCLUSIONS ON HALLEY'S THEORY.
tion more than sufficient to meet the supply. Hence, some
have imagined danger, from an inevitable and constant
concentration of brine.
River pro- Now these assumptions are desperately inaccurate, since
his stated capacity of the rivers is involved in error ; the
Nile alone being considered to deliver annually into the
Mediterranean a body of water about 250 times that which
flows out of the Thames ; and the estimated lengths of the
two principal streams, compared with the Thames as unity, are Danube 7, and Nile 12f times. Starting with his diminutive quantity of 01 inch in twenty-four hours, we may put that down as equivalent to 36*523 inches in the
course of a year, a normal point in Halley's computations, and more than the quantity now assigned for the mean fall of
rain for the whole temperate region of the old world, which
Rain. is 34 inches. Yet, although the fall of rain differs widely
in the various Mediterranean countries—especially as re- gards the vicinity of the Atlantic on the west, or the arid shores to the south—the average annual quantity, carefully estimated from the evidence of many registers, is under twenty inches per annum; so that the evaporated
water, after having returned twenty inches by precipitation
to whence it was extracted, has 16,523 inches to spare for distribution over a space of land of equal extent with the
sea. And when we augment the 16*523 of Mediterranean
rain, on account of the powerful energy of atmospheric precipitation, that must be derived from the vast volumes of vapour ever rolling in from the Atlantic Ocean, there is evidently an abundant supply, even on the Halleian data, for the whole of those countries which drain into the Inner Sea.
Remark in Still, assuming—as we have reason to do—that the
' main exit of the surplus water of this sea is by evaporation,
then to get the actual quantity evaporated in one year, we
ought to measure all the water that falls into it at the
mouths of all the rivers, and at the Straits of Gibraltar and
the Dardanelles; and if to this we were to add the real
MEDITERRANEAN CURRENTS. 151
contemporaneous fall of rain, then, and then only, would
the required quantity be obtained. Meantime it may be
implicitly relied upon, that all is right, for it is evident that Nature comprehends the exquisite system of compensation,
and knows no waste.
§ 4. On the Currents of the Mediterranean.
T)Y the term ' currents' is understood those progressive Currents.4-J movements of the water by which vessels, or anything
floating upon it, are carried in their direction, and precisely
with their own velocity, when no wind prevails. Currents
differ essentially from tides, in deriving their motion from
other causes than solar and lunar attraction ; and in their constant circulation they traverse extensive regions, where
they necessarily emit or imbibe heat. But though it is in- ferred that currents may extend to a vast depth, our exact acquaintance with them is nearly confined to the super- natant effects only. They appear to be in continual motion Motionandin a certain direction ; yet their course must be treated with relation to the points of divergence and convergence
of their route, for it is well known that irregularities of
outline in the shore, without any reference to elevation or depression, have very considerable consequences in modifying the action of the sea, by turning the course of both
current and tidal streams. It may readily be inferred that
currents perform important offices in the grand economy of
nature, disturbing the general hydrostatic pressure, rendering the fluid favourable to submarine vegetation and piscatory life, and preventing stagnation by agitating the waters

but we are still in comparative ignorance of them, for their extent, direction, depth, strength, and temperature are very
various, and often fluctuating. Currents are always named
after the points of the compass towards whicli they run or
152 COMPARATIVE SEA-LEVEL.
set ; being therein exactly the reverse of wind, which is designated according to the point from which it blows. That progressive movement of the waters in the Mediterranean which is independent of tide, and constitutes a
true current, is more remarkable for constancy than strength,
except in places where local peculiarities exert a peculiar
influence, and prevailing winds occasion a difference of
level. We have just seen that evaporation has so powerful an action as probably to cause a general proportional de- pression of surface, and thus give rise to the principal
phenomena already mentioned. From obvious causes, this Inner Sea is, for the greater part of its extent, warmer,
both in summer and winter, than the Atlantic, which therefore flows into it ; at the same time, the Black Sea is somewhat colder than the Mediterranean, and consequently
flows into it also.
Relative In all ages, wherever there are two neighbouring seas,
seal it has been customary to consider that one was more
elevated than the other ; and till very lately, the operations
of modern inquirers countenanced the time-honoured
opinion. Thus the early philosophers were borne out by
Toaldo, in their notion that the Mediterranean was much
higher than the Atlantic—thus Count Marsigli, the volu- minous historian of the Danube, showed that the ancients were justified in asserting that the Euxine was thirty or
forty feet above the ordinary level of the iEgean—thus
M. Fauvel confirmed the opinion given by the engineers of
old to Demetrius Poliorcetes, that so great a difference in height existed between the gulfs of Egina and Corinth,
that it would be dangerous to cut across the isthmus which
divides them—and thus the observations of the French
Egyptian Institute were supposed to prove that the surface of the Ked Sea is neither more nor less than twenty-eight
feet higher than the Levant Basin ; whence it followed that the ancients were right.
But what broken reeds are occasionallv trusted to !
COMPARATIVE SEA-LEVEL. 153
Maraldi and Cassini pronounced the Mediterranean, as Observers,ascertained by them, to be exactly one toise higher than
the Atlantic : the hall of the Paris observatory being fortysix toises above the ocean, and forty-five above the Inner
Sea. Shortly afterwards, Count Morozzo showed that the
Adriatic must be more elevated than the Mediterranean
(Memoirs of the Academy of Sciences at Turin, 1788)

and recently the still more precise observations of Delambre,
Me'chain, Gauttier, myself, and MM. Corabceuf, Peytier,
and Bourdaloue, have proved, by successive reductions of
height, that in all and each of those places, the waters in repose have surfaces of so nearly the same level, that the differences are but barely ascertainable by our present
improved instruments and methods of determination.*
We must therefore look to all other probable causes
for currents, besides a difference of level ; and however
narrow the communication between the two seas may be,
the Mediterranean is still part and parcel of the one vast expanse called the ocean :f and whatever may permanently
affect the level of the one, must eventually affect the surface of the other also. The hypothesis, therefore, as to a durable
depression of an actual branch of that ocean, will not stand
the test of sound inquiry : were the Mediterranean always
much lower than the Atlantic, it would be impossible for the current ever to set out of it, agreeably to the laws of
hydrostatics, unless the body of waters should be influenced
by winds or the attractions which cause tides. Besides the Halleian doctrine of evaporation, which supposedevidently solves much of the theorem, we must now bring current,forward the argument of other writers, that an under-
* By General Monteith's experiments with boiling water at the mouth
of the Kalla (Journal of the Royal Geographical Society, vol. iii. p. 37), he
inferred that the Black Sea was precisely of the same level as the ocean,
since the point of ebullition was exactly equal to 212° of Fahrenheit's scale. f Eustathius must have had currents in view when he derived the word
Ocean from (iueco)£ vnuv, to slide swiftly.
154 THE SUPPOSED UNDER-CURRENT.
current—or one running counter to that at the surface
exists ; which is presumed to carry a vast volume of fluid back to the great ocean. I shall presently advance a fact or two which may present obstacles to this, but in the mean
time a fair hearing shall be given to the hitherto received statements : and it must be recollected, that to establish a
counter-current setting outwards below, unless a greater
gravity be conceded, it is necessary that the Mediterranean
water be of a lower temperature than that of the Atlantic,
for otherwise it must run out at the surface, and the supply
be received underneath. This is well known not to be the
case ; yet, in order to avoid prejudgment, the instances
usually brought forward shall be duly cited, for, without
denying the subcurrent assumption, I merely insist that
its existence is not yet proven.
Dr. smith. The first formal paper on the subject, that I am aware
of, was read before the Oxford Society on the 21st of December, 1683, and is printed in the fourteenth volume
of the Philosophical Transactions. Dr. Smith mentions
the vast draught of water poured continually in, and says
:
I here omit to speak of the several hypotheses, which have been invented
to solve this difficulty : such as subterranean vents, cavities, and indraughts, exhalations by the sunbeams, the running out of the water on the African
side, as if there were a kind of circular motion of the water, and it only
flowed in upon the Christian shore : which latter I look upon as a mere
fancy, and contrary to all observation. My conjecture is, that there is an
undercurrent, whereby as great a quantity of water is carried out as comes
flowing in. This shows, as Dr. Smith speaks of the several hypotheses, that the phenomenon had been under discussion,
and that the supposed existence of super and sub-currents has long been received. But one of the most notable in- stances in support of that opinion was afterwards brought
before the Koyal Society, and published in the thirty-third
volume of its Transactions. It is there stated that, in
Captain the year 17J 2, M. de TAigle, 'that fortunate and generous
e
' commander of the privateer called the Phoenix, of Marseille/
gave chase to a Dutch ship near Ceuta. On coming up
THE SUPPOSED UNDER-CURRENT. 155
with her, he sunk her with a broadside, in the middle of Dutchshipsunk.the Gut between Tarifa and Tangier. A few days after, the foundered ship, with her cargo of brandy and oil, floated upon the shore near Tangier, at least four leagues to the west of the spot where she had been sunk, and in direct opposition to the surface-current. The fact is thus vouched
by Dr. Hudson, the communicant :

I was at Gibraltar when this happened, where I saw above a hundred of the butts of that cargo of brandy, which were sent thither from Tangier ; I likewise spoke with the captain of the Dutch ship, who told the governor,
myself, and many others, where his vessel sunk ; and her rising afterwards
at Tangier appeared very unaccountable to us, as it does to me to this day : for there is no doubt but the ship sunk where the Dutchman told us, since the Spaniards from the land who saw it confirmed it to us. The water in the Gut must be very deep, several of the commanders of our ships of war
having attempted to sound it with the longest lines they could contrive, but
never could find any bottom. This very circumstantial evidence appeared to establish Remarkson. i • i i
• i i tms story-the conclusion that there exists a recurrency in the deep
water in the middle of the strait, and certainly, to some of the smaller philosophers, afforded as satisfactory a solution of the problem as that of the unequal effect of evaporation,
the which must be an ever-varying operation of nature. There are, however, two or three points of the deposition on
which we could have wished the Dutchman to have been
cross-examined, for we are left in the dark as to the why and
wherefore a merchantman should have incurred so spiteful a broadside, how her people were saved, whether she was
water-logged instead of sunk, &c. &c. : and, by the way, we
regret that while Sir John Jennings had the combined
English and Dutch fleets inside the strait, and ViceAdmiral Baker's squadron was just outside, a French
privateer should have been permitted thus to lord it in the
Gut. For a ship to founder with her cargo in a medium
incapable of supporting the load, and then rise again without
being specifically lighter, is contrary to hydrostatic laws. A sinking vessel actually heavier than water, must go to the bottom; but if, from her cargo being washed out, sin
156 THE SUPPOSED UNDER-CURRENT.
is rendered lighter than the fluid in which she is immersed,
then she would float to the surface, and be amenable to the
laws of tides, winds, and gravitation, combined with local circumstances. A ship cannot conveniently alter her gravity
so as to sink or float merely to confirm a paradox ; and in the case before us, the Dutch vessel must have been water- logged within the influence of the LATERAL set at the surface.
The Herme- In like manner, the wreck of the Spanish ship Hermenegildo, of 112 guns, which was blown up in action with
the squadron of Sir James Saumarez, in June, 1801, floated into Tangier Bay three days after the explosion, with one man still alive on board. On this occasion there appeared
to be some striking anomalies between the ebb and flood,
which so awakened the attention of Don Vicente Tofiiio, that in the ensuing October, when peace had been ratified,
he sent his nephew, Captain Tofiiio, to gather information
at Tangier, where he was assiduously aided by Mr. Salmon ; but I was unable to learn the result. The Patton It is recorded, and much stress is laid on the fact, that
when the late Admiral Philip Patton, who died in 1815, was Lieutenant of the Emerald, a 32-gun frigate, that ship was overtaken by a gale of wind in approaching Gibraltar;
and at night was hove to, nearly in the middle of the
strait. Before daybreak she struck at the back of the
rock, where it was presumed that a counter current had
carried her. Here she had to ride it out within half a
cable's length of the breakers, and no room for even fresh- ening the nip in the hawse; whence her destruction was
most probable. This narrow escape induced the Lieutenant
to study the currents of the strait with serious attention;
and while upon this inquiry, he endeavoured to ascertain how far the theory of upper and under streams could be
sustained by experiment. On the ground that when two
fluids of specific gravities meet in a narrow channel, the
heavier will run out below at exactly the same rate as the
lighter will flow in from above, a number of bottles were
experi- ment.
PATTON'S EXPERIMENT. 157
filled with the water from the Atlantic at a distance from
all land, and another set of bottles were filled with water
from the inner part of the Mediterranean. Upon as accurate a method of weighing as he could command, a flask containing one pound, six ounces, and five drachms of the ocean fluid, was considered to be thirteen grains lighter
than the same flask filled with an equal quantity of the
inner water. He also filled two decanters, of equal size, with the respective fluids, one being slightly tinged with
ink, with their necks placed in a luting of putty ; when the
whole was held horizontally, the interchange of the heavy
water displacing the lighter, was thought sufficiently sensible to justify an inference that the two liquids were of unequal densities. From these experiments, which were
rather pains-taking than philosophical, Lieut. Patton came
to the conclusion, that the Mediterranean surcharge was
prevented by an ever-flowing undercurrent into the ocean.* Having here given the plainest of the many proposi- Remark, tions which have been advanced respecting this doubtful
subject, and, without presuming in the present state of our knowledge of the question, to attempt casting the die, I
shall now continue my essay without any longer running on the Scylla or Charybdis of this controversy. Locke, in addressing the understanding, insists that ' doubtful posi- tions relied upon as unquestionable maxims, keep those in the dark from truth who build on them ; and to be indif- ferent which of two opinions is true, is the right temper of mind that preserves it from being imposed upon, and dis- poses it to examine with that indifferency until it has done
its best to find out the truth/—this sound axiom we com- mend to the future investigator of any two theories. But
it will be remembered, that the notion of upper and under
* I made an unsuccessful endeavour to repeat the decanter experi- ment, but with water taken from the surface, and at fifty fathoms of depth. The fluid was vexatiously sluggish.
158 THE STRAIT OF GIBRALTAR:
currents, has descended to us for many ages; and if we
accept the reasonings of Lucretius (JDe Rerum Natura,
lib. v.) it was not opposed to the cosmogony of Epicurus.
count It was, perhaps, a knowledge of this which led Count RumRumford. * , -, it • n • •% ford to demonstrate, by direct experiment, that fluids of all kinds, when heated to different temperatures in different parts of their volume, must necessarily have an opposition
of currents : the warmer, from its rarefaction and specific
levity, occupying the upper, and the colder portion the
lower part.
Mediter- The Strait of Gibraltar is so remarkable, both to the
ranean in- draught, navigator as well as to the geologist, that it becomes neces- sary to treat it with greater detail than will be requisite in other cases : and, although the Freturn Herculeum was
applied to the space between Cape Trafalgar and Spartel on the west, and from Gibraltar to Ceuta on the east, a more enlarged hydrographical view authorizes us to extend
the western mouth of that magnificent ocean-channel to Cape St. Vincent on the north, and to Cape Cantin on the
south. This assumed breadth of entrance is the more necessary, since the whole of its waters are affected by the
draught into the Mediterranean. On this head, my veneMajor Ren- rable friend, the late Major Rennell, entertained an opinion
that there is a general tendency of the Atlantic waters be- tween 30° and 45° of north latitude, and from 100 to 130
leagues off the land, to move towards the Strait of Gibraltar at a rate of not less than from fourteen to seventeen
miles in twenty-four hours. Now, though extreme cases might occur during a long prevalence of particular winds,
wherein such an indraught would be appreciable to nice experiment, and outward-bound vessels from the English
channel might find themselves rather to the east of their reckoning, the Major's assumption must be received cumgrano sails; especially if depth be admitted as a condition
of these 400,000 square miles. Another friend, enlarging
upon Rennell, considers the gulf-stream as the primary
ITS DIMENSIONS AND DEPTHS. 159 mover of the Strait current ; but when he reflects that the
Gulf stream is strongest under easterly gales, and is generally much weaker in winter than in summer, he must
perceive that his position is unstable, and that the inflow is occasioned by some local cause exclusively connected with
the Mediterranean Sea. Such being the natural entrance of this Strait, the true Gibraltar boundaries of its narrows, designated the Gut, are between
the capes of Trafalgar and Spartel, which are twenty-two
miles apart—the isle of Tarifa and Alcazar point, nine-anda-quarter miles—and Gibraltar and Ceuta, which are twelve
miles distant from each other ; the whole occupying a
length of about thirty-five miles. These three form the
principal stations for averaging a breadth; and the local peculiarities are necessary to a full inquiry as to how much
the current owes to differences in the specific gravity of the
contiguous waters—how much to the depth and form of bottom—what to the density of the several media—and
what to the fluctuations of atmospheric pressure. Such
inquiries were of course beyond my time and means, for it must be borne in mind that I was only correcting a nautical chart for the use of navigators : but, in the hope that my observations may aid philosophical researches, I may
state that, in a line between the two first-named points, the
body of the stream is of much less depth than it is to the Depths of
' . . the Strait. eastward, as it carries but from twenty to seventy fathoms
to half the distance across from Spain : and even the
deepest part between that seventy fathoms and Cape Spartel, is but 220 fathoms. A few miles more within, the
channel has not above 160 fathoms at the greatest; but
between Tarifa and Alcazar point, it deepens to 500, and immediately beyond, gets to 700. This depth rapidly increases towards the Mediterranean Sea, and is 950 fathoms in middistance between Gibraltar and Ceuta ; and as there is no bottom with 1000 fathoms of line up-and-down (upwards
of 1300 payed out), a little farther to the eastward, it is
160 SECTION OF THE STRAIT.
clear that the bottom, from the meridian of Cape la Plata,
forms an inclined plane, through which a mid-channel sec- tion of eleven lengths to one depth, appears thus :

Cape la Plata. Tarifa. Gibraltar. Fathoms.
Remark.
Velocity of
the current.
A glance at this singular formation at once throws doubt on Dr. Wollaston's position, insomuch, that on hearing of the conclusion he had formed, I wrote a particular state- ment for him ; but when it was received, he was upon his deathbed. His executors, therefore, returned the paper
to me, and I forthwith sent it to Sir Charles Lyell, who
was then compiling his well-known work—the Principles
of Geology. Hence the conclusion on page 131. When to this underwater abyss we add the roots of the
mighty Atlas chain on one side, and the elevated tabled
barrier formed by Spain on the other, the feature of the
strait is still more surprising. In its narrowest part, the
central stream may be about four miles in width, but, of
course, with variable limits; and its average rate of flowing
is from two to three miles per hour ; but Gibraltar pilots
have assured me, that they have known it to run, under
special circumstances, at upwards of five knots; which
being without proof, is rather assertion than fact. Its course sets so constantly to the eastward, that a temporary
surface-current towards the Atlantic —which sometimes,
though very rarely, is known to occur — can hardly be
deemed an exception to the general rule : such an action may result from westerly gales causing a partial elevation of the oceanic waters, and consequent resurge on regaining
their usual level, or it may be effected by a superficial rise from strong levanters, which, in either case, is entirely local.
COUNTER STREAMS. 161
The solution of one part of the difficulty seems to be, that by an extraordinary natural effort, there are two returning
or counter-lateral streams, one on each shore, so that a very complex motion is constantly observable ; and these remarkable streams being governed by lunar influence,
shall presently be treated as tides. Bat the phenomenon
of a strong middle-current setting inwards, while only two
feeble streams return in the opposite direction at given
times—a tidal reflux, far inferior to the quantity flowing in —may be attributed to the pressure of a greater fluid mass
on a small body of water ; a pressure which, from the force of its impulsion, must necessarily displace the upper strata of the smaller mass. The central current being established, and running from Effects of
tliG cur- west to east, it consequently follows that the action must rent, be felt on and in the neighbouring waters ; which it assuredly is, though only to such a degree, and in the more
distant parts, as to be hardly appreciable in practical navigation. The influence of the stream is sensibly experienced
inside as far as Cape de Gata, a distance of 150 miles, but
it gradually diminishes, being more diffused : yet it then
takes a direction not only according to the curves of the
coast, but also from the winds, especially those from the sea. coast of About the vernal equinox, with winds between west-southl pa" west and north-west, we found that the current ran, along
the coast of Granada, at the rate of one knot an hour east- wards ; after passing Cape Palos, it set to the east-southeast ; and when we neared the Balearic Islands, it flowed
very gently to the north-east. In a word, the reaction
of the streams against the coast, with the operation of winds, together with the variable currents induced by the
smaller straits in this sea, occasion lateral and adverse
' sets' in all directions. But under ordinary circumstances,
and in settled weather, when the great Atlantic stream has
its usual course into the Mediterranean, the current moves
strongly east along the African coast, and across the bay of M
rent.
162 COAST CURRENTS.
Tunis, to the coast of Sicily: hence we may see why a
ship, sailing eastwards along the African shore, should be
generally ahead of her reckoning.
Remarks. These sea-motions, as our early hydrographers namedthem, are everywhere sensibly affected by the prevalent
winds; as is strongly instanced in bights, inlets, andchannels—of which the Gulf of Lyons, the Riviera of
Genoa, the Faro of Messina, the upper portion of the
Adriatic, the Gulf of Corinth, the Euripus, the Syrian sea, and the two Syrtes, are examples. Strong ripples resembling
breakers are frequently caused in the vicinity of the larger
islands, by the waves of one particular division meeting
those of another : often breaking in so confused a manneras to account for many of the ideal shoals which find places on charts, to the confusion of navigators.
sets of cur- After flowing along the shores of North Africa east- wards—with occasional interruptions—the general current sweeps by Syria and Karamania, and returning westwards,
sets out along the coasts of France and Spain, though in many parts it is so sluggish, as to be almost imperceptible.
Strong winds from the north-west reverse this order of things ; for then the stream sets in along the same coasts, at times making strongly round the Gulf of Lyons, and
varying its course conformably to the contour of the coasts of Provence, Languedoc, and Catalonia. Off Toulon the
easterly set was sometimes so strong after levanters, that the
inshore ships of our blockading fleet had considerable diffi- culty in keeping their stations. In the sea of Tuscany, the
south-west winds occasion the greatest elevation of the
waters ; and a continuance of labeschades (e libeccio), or gusty gales from that quarter, have been known to raise the height of the surface no less than twelve feet above its ordinary level. In the phrase of the pilots, the waters are then up, and consequently occasion a strong surface-drift through the Strait of Bonifaccio. A curious feature of these shores, and one not uncon-
SHIFTING BEACHES. 163
nected with currents, is the changeable nature of the Beaches, beaches, especially at the mouth of the Var, and at Nice,
where the sea-margin is seen alternately consisting of large
shingle, fine sand, or small gravel, and, a few days after- wards, coarse shingle again. This must be a consequence
of the fluent and refluent action of the surf upon the
materials composing the beach, according to the force of the surges ; but the cause of that force has not yet been
satisfactorily investigated. M. Risso, the Savoyard natu- m. Risso. ralist, had, even in fine weather, very frequently observed
the swell of the surf tumbling in something like the rollers of the Atlantic. For this he could assign no cause, but he
assured me that the phenomenon was generally higher after heavy rains in the Alps and Apennines—producing the rise in the rivers called ' freshes'—than at any other time ; and
therefore an unequal atmospheric pressure might contribute
to the effect, by causing a circulation of the waters below

for as a surf sets, it acts from this cause on the ground
at some distance in the offing ; but its returning action
having a tendency to restore the level by reverberation, is almost confined to the surface, and has no effect on the
bottom. The sea-motions are certainly sensible at a depth
of twenty-five fathoms.
Though inferior in importance, the Strait of Messina Faro of
i
• • Messina. has occupied the attention ol philosophers lor as many ages
as that of Gibraltar ; and the laws of its current are still among the desiderata of physical inquiry. While most of the ancient reasoners on the subject only gave us terrible pictures of the dangers of navigating the Mamertinum
/return, Eratosthenes ascribed the cause of the bewildering
currents and counter-currents to a difference of level in the
vicinity, especially insisting that the descending waters
flowed from the higher Tyrrhenian sea: and Aristotle follows on the same ground. But as the effect has been
proved to be influenced by the attractions of both sun and
moon, the subject will be resumed in the next section. M 2
164 THE MAROBIA.
Here, however, we will step for a moment to the opposite
coast of Sicily, and introduce a strange current, thus recorded
in my account of Sicily, page 224 :

Marobia. The Marobia is an extraordinary phenomenon, most probably deriving
its name from Mare ubbriaco, or drunken sea, as its movement is apparently very inconsistent ; it occurs principally on the southern coast of Sicily, and
is generally found to happen in calm weather, but is considered as the
certain precursor of a gale. The Marobia is felt with the greatest violence
at Mazzara, perhaps from the contour of the coast. Its approach is announced by a stillness in the atmosphere, and a lurid sky ; when suddenly
the water rises nearly two feet above its usual level, and rushes into the
creeks with amazing rapidity, but in a few minutes recedes again with equal
velocity, disturbing the mud, tearing up the sea-weed, and occasioning a noisome effluvia ; during its continuance the fish float quite helpless on the
turbid surface, and are easily taken. These rapid changes (as capricious in their nature as those of the Euripus), generally continue from thirty minutes
to upwards of two hours ; and are succeeded by a breeze from the southward, which quickly increases to heavy gusts. This phenomenon may be occasioned by a westerly wind blowing, at some distance in the ofling, towards the north coast of Sicily, and a south-east wind, at the same time, in the channel
of Malta, the meeting of which would take place between Trapani and Cape
San Marco. I advance this idea, because the westerly wind most usually
precedes, and the south-east succeeds, the Marobia. In addition to this I ought to have added, that it was
during a turbulent marobia that H.M. ship Raven, of 18
guns, was lost on Cape Granitola, on the 6th of January,
1804: and this was the * unusual current' of Captain
Swaine's defence, at the consequent court-martial of inquiry
into the loss. When very violent, its effects of action and
reaction are felt even on the opposite coast of Barbary.
Central cur- This central and important portion of the Mediterranean
forms the passage or channel of communication between
the Western and the Eastern Basins ; and with respect to the prevalent ' sea-motions' by which it is affected, I have
only to repeat what was published in my account of Sicily
(page 184), so long ago as 1824. It is there stated that the
currents
arising from the constant evaporation and the action of the winds, observe no regularity, rising a foot or two, according to the weather and the peculiarities of locality and depth ; thus the north-west wind, raking the shores, promotes a strong set to the south-east ; while the south-western, which is here very sensibly felt during the vernal equinox, causes strong counter-
CHANNEL OF MALTA. 165
currents ; and at length, on its changing to the opposite quarter, the whole
body of water rushes to the westward with considerable velocity In long-settled weather, the currents between Sicily and the Barbary shore, and from thence to the westward of Galita, run to the eastward at the rate of from half a mile to a mile an hour. In the channel of Malta, the southeast current has occasionally been so strong, that ships have found it difficult to beat up to Maritimo ; while others, driven to leeward of Malta, have been
obliged to carry a press of sail in order to hold their own, until a change of wind enabled them to make the island again. Another proof of the influence of this current is, that ships stretching over from Cape Passaro to Valetta, with a northerly wind, usually keep a point higher, to ensure fetching it. Between Malta and Tripoli, the current generally sets to the southwards and eastwards ; but between Malta and
Tunis, a prevalence of south-east winds throws the waters upwards to the barrier formed by Adventure Bank and
the Skerkis, where, beside that impediment, meeting the
general easterly set from Gibraltar, the current sweeps
away northwards, at the rate of about a knot and a half per hour, while at other times the set is southerly.
The operation of the winds and waters in the Adriatic, Adriatic
currents.is more uniform than in the parts just treated o£ The
current usually sets in along the Albanian and eastern
shores, sweeps round the head of the gulf from Trieste to Venice—often at the rate of a knot an hour—by the
Romagna, and thence out again along the Italian shores,
with a somewhat diminished force ; but the Bora makes a
surcharge of a foot or two on these latter coasts. This
general action is accompanied by a sufficient tidal influence
to cause a variety of local sets, called ligazzi, some of which
prevail right across, a natural consequence of the contour
of this sea, and the islands which stud it; but these variable streams are neither rapid nor dangerous. Much has been
written on the subject by the Venetian pilot, Vicenzo di Luccio ; and he has not only described currents for the
different months in the year, but has gone so far as to give
almost an hourly course and velocity for them. When in the ' City of the Sea/ I made inquiry for this Signor di Luccio, but without effect, for as his details—however
166 THE COAST OF GREECE.
particular—have the air of mere arbitrary assumption, I was desirous of a viva voce explanation.
Ionian cur- Although, the Ionian Sea feels the general set of the
rents. . , . . main current, there is sometimes a surface-run to the
southwards, which is retarded or increased according to the nature and degree of the offing gales. A stream is generally
running through the fine channel of Corfu, which is remarkably influenced by the wind ; when it blows pretty strong
from the north, the waters set to the southward at the rate of 1^ or 2 knots an hour, and it occasions a fall in the level of from three to four feet : a southerly wind raises it to about the same height, and the current then sets northwards.
But this is not confined to the channel, although it is there
the most marked, for over the whole Ionian Sea, southerly
winds cause an extraordinary rise of about a foot, and
northerly ones a fall of about the same amount ; but if they
are strong and continuous, the elevation and depression are naturally greater. Still the traces of tidal action are extremely faint ; for even the remarkable ingress and
egress from this sea into the Gulf of Arta (the commercial
value of which is detailed in a memoir written by General
Vaudoncourt; their supposed full-and-change days have
been stated by others) can hardly, from present data, be
yet considered as a regular tide, since the sets are knownto be more influenced by the winds than by our satellite. A stream runs into the Gulf with the sea-breeze by day, and
in the night, when the land-winds prevail, the water returns outwards. Tidal action is more decidedly marked just
below, in the Gulf of Corinth, although the current movements are not dissimilar in cause and effect from those of Arta, for the strength of the set and the height of rise depend on the direction and force of the wind, the current running most strongly when it is blowing down the Gulf,
and often taking a direction against the wind. On many
occasions, the meeting of the waters of Patras and Corinth,
under the influence of the offing and gulf winds, causes a
BLACK SEA CURRENTS. 167
broken foam across the narrow channel at the entrance of the Gulf of Lepanto, and a considerable swell. In running
through this, the agitation reminded me of that well-known
and often dangerous spot called the bridge, between Drake's
Isle and Mount Edgecumbe, at Plymouth, though the
apparent causes differ widely.
In approaching the Archipelago, and from thence the Ajchipe- coasts of Asia Minor and Syria, many peculiarities are currents, observable in the currents, of which the principal is the
action of the waters descending from the Euxine, through
the numerous inter-insular channels of the Cyclades, upon
the main current which sets along those coasts westwards.
On the north coast of Candia, it is observed that, with the
wind blowing strong from the west for any continuance,
the waters rise two or three feet above their common level

and with the wind from north or east, they fall two feet below that level, the effect of the westerly set acting on the
usual conditions of surcharge and discharge. The whole of the Archipelago, however, is affected from the north-east

for the Black Sea, receiving a greater accumulation of water from its tributary rivers than is withdrawn from it by
evaporation, pours out a constant and copious stream
through the Sheitan akindi-si, or Satan's current, into the
sea of Marmora, whence—an expansive surface being
offered to exhalation—the discharge through the Hellespont,
though still considerable, is perceptibly less rapid, but very
constant. The water of the Black Sea has a lower specific gravity Currents in the lilack (1 -01418) than that of the other Mediterranean basins, a sea. fact which proves that it is not liable to much evaporation.
The overflowing current just alluded to, which, especially
from the mouth of the Dnieper and the Danube, runs
rapidly through the entrance of the Thracian Bosphorus,
the rate being estimated at from three to five knots per
hour according to the prevalent direction and force of the
winds, makes counter-currents and eddies along the sinu-
168 CURRENTS IN THE LEVANT.
osities and points by which it is diverted in its course. From the relatively small amount of salt in these waters,
the shallower parts of the Euxine are sometimes frozen
;
and the Sea of Azof, into which the inundating Don
(Tcmais) and the many branches of the Kuban dis- charge themselves, is frozen over during three or four months of the year, so that laden sledges and troops of people pass and repass upon it. The Levant. It has been pretty fairly established, that owing to the
action of the main or general current, a set constantly runs by Cyprus and along the coast of Karamania to the north
and west : whence, a ship leaving Malta, and bound to Smyrna or the Dardanelles, on meeting a strong northeaster off Cerigo, as is so often the case, instead of beating
against the drain of current then setting down from the
Dardanelles, would, at no loss of time, stretch away to the
south-east, as far as Alexandria, nearly with an easterly
current, and so along the coast of Syria with the northerly
set. At times between Rhodes and the mainland, in conse- quence again of the effect of a prevailing north-east wind
sweeping the whole surface of the other parts of the Archipelago for nearly two-thirds of the year, the current is liable to run like a sluice ; insomuch that in a calm, a ship may
be carried up to the north, by carefully looking out for eddies, and keeping within the islands near and after
sir f. Beau- passing Rhodes. Sir Francis Beaufort, when Captain of the Frederiksteen frigate, made some very judicious obser- vations on the currents of this part of the sea: he also made an experiment on the under-currents, which I regret not having heard of before I quitted the station, or that
simple and ingenious operation should have been repeated
in other places. His words are,

From Syria to the Archipelago there is a constant current to the west- ward, slightly felt at sea, but very perceptible near the shore, along this part of which it runs with considerable but irregular velocity : between Adratchan Cape and the small adjacent island, we found it set one day
almost three miles an hour ; and the next, without any assignable cause for
ADMIRAL BEAUFORT'S EXPERIMENT. 169
such a change, not half that quantity. The configuration of the coast will perhaps account for the superior strength of the current about here : the
great body of water, as it moves to the westward, is intercepted by the western coast of the Gulf of Adalia ; thus pent up and accumulated, it rushes with augmented violence toward Cape Khelidonia, where, diffusing
itself in the open sea, it again becomes equalized. The cause, the progress, and the termination of this current would form an interesting subject for future investigation. To trace its connexion with
the volume of water which enters by the Straits of Gibraltar, with the influx
of the currents from the Euxine, and with the effect of the Nile, and of the numerous though small rivers of Asia Minor, will require a series of corre- sponding observations on both sides of the Mediterranean. The countercurrents, or those which return beneath the surface of the water, are also very remarkable ; in some parts of the Archipelago they are at times so strong as to prevent the steering of the ship ; and in one instance, on sink- ing the lead when the sea was calm and clear, with shreds of bunting of various colours attached to every yard of the line, they pointed in different directions all round the compass. The main current, as already said, sweeps from Gibraltar Currents along along the African shores, modified by the several sinuosities ; North but regaining its regular course along the coast of Lybia, it flows by Alexandria, and, trending north-eastwards, makes
for the shore of Syria, and in its advance seems to acquire new strength. There is frequently a strong outset from
Abukir Bay, and variable flaws off Damietta; but the
grand outlet of the Nile has great influence around. The
northerly winds which prevail in summer, carry with them
the vapours raised from the Mediterranean—though without
forming regular clouds—over the valley and low ranges of the Egyptian hills, as far as the Abyssinian Alps and the
lofty mountains beyond ; where, being cooled and condensed, they fall in rain, and are in some measure carried back to their native sea by the periodical inundations of the Nile. The overflowing generally begins at the end of June, sometimes from a fortnight to a month later, and
continues for above two months, after which it gradually
subsides. The river rises from fourteen to twenty-three feet in vertical height, and the volume of water which it carries into the sea is twenty times greater in its latter than in its former state ; insomuch that during the full surcharge—as
before stated—potable water may be baled on the surface
170 MOUTHS OF THE NILE.
of the Mediterranean, even out of sight of land. Here the
current exerts itself on the large quantity of alluvial substances brought down by the Nile, and drifting the sediment
eastwards, exerts its silt-depositing property (before alluded
to in page 8) with such effect, that rapid accretions along
the Syrian shores, thereby leaving Tyre and Sidon inland, are directly traceable to it. Indeed, this is so palpable as
scarcely to require the eye of the geologist, for I have seen the waters discoloured with impurities for many leagues;
and in 1801, a rather alarming phenomenon was encounh. m. ship tered here by H. M. frigate Romulus, commanded by
Captain Culverhouse, on her passage from Acre to Abukir
Bay. It is thus related by Dr. E. D. Clarke, who was then
a passenger on board :

July 26th.—This day, being Sunday, we accompanied Captain Culver- house to the gun-room, to dine with his officers, according to his weekly
custom. As we were sitting down to dinner the voice of a sailor employed
in heaving the lead was suddenly heard calling ' half four /' The captain,
starting up, reached the deck in an instant, and almost as quickly putting
the ship in stays, she went about. Every seaman on board thought she would be stranded. As she came about, all the surface of the water ex- hibited a thick black mud : this extended so widely, that the appearance
resembled an island. At the same time, no land was really visible, not even from the masthead, nor was there any notice of such a shallow in any chart on board. The fact is, as we learned afterwards, that a stratum of mud,
extending for many leagues off the mouths of the Nile, exists in a moveable
deposit near the coast of Egypt ; and when recently shifted by currents, it sometimes reaches quite to the surface, so as to alarm mariners with sudden
shallows where the charts of the Mediterranean promise a considerable depth
of water. These, however, are not in the slightest degree dangerous.
Vessels no sooner touch them than they become dispersed ; and a frigate may ride secure, where the soundings would induce an inexperienced pilot to believe her nearly aground.

(Clarice's Travels, vol. iii. p. 13.) The circular motion of the current round the Mediterranean, shown in the preceding remarks, appears to have
been first observed, or at least described, by the celebrated
Montanari. Geminiano Montanari, in the year 1681,—the same philosopher to whom is attributed the discovery of the method
of determining the heights of mountains by means of the
barometer. It is therefore to be wished he had been the
first to detect that the rise and fall of waters—under either
THE NATURE OF TIDES. 171
tides or surcharges—are also shown by that truly philosophical instrument ; it being low water when the barometer
is highest, and vice versa.
§ 5. On the Tides of the Mediterranean.
rpHE word ' tide" signifies properly the body of the oscilla- Tides. -- tion, and comprehends the difference between high and
low water ; tidal motion being rather the elevation of a wave
than an absolute transfer of water. The tide-wave differs from the wind-wave, because it is the result of forces acting
both parallel to the surface and perpendicularly on the sur- face of the sea ; whereas common waves are all occasioned by
lateral disturbances of wind, current, and terrestrial modification. It therefore follows that, so far as their primary causes
are concerned, tides may be considered merely as alternate
elevations and depressions of the water, without any necessary transfer from place to place ; but the whole being pro- duced by an undulating motion, in which the surface swings
upon certain average curves, recalls the trite appearance
of the waves over a field of corn in a gale of wind. Nevertheless, although astronomical demonstration is strong
upon this point, practical observation of the phenomena
has shown that there is often a positive transfer of water
from one place to another ; and all waves which are pro- duced by causes acting near the surface of the water—as
in the case of a shelving or gradually inclined shore—are
in so far impelled in a lateral direction, and the waves
then are consequently a propagation of motion through
that water. The above remarks must also be qualified by
recollecting that in the case of comparatively shallow water,
such as all seas may be called, the forces parallel to the
surface produce the greatest part of the effect: in a word,
that the horizontal transfer must considerably exceed tl.< vertical movement
172 MEDITERRANEAN TIDES.
Tides and currents are so similar in movement and
effect, and so constant in their operation, as to be in manycases difficult to distinguish ; yet they are so distinct in
cause, that a discrimination is here attempted, even where
those agents are difficult to investigate from want of action.
Anomalies. g manv causes contribute to the varied courses of the
waters, and so many interfere with the very slight indications of Mediterranean tides, that we are obliged to infer rather than assert results of direct observation ; in this state of knowledge it is therefore impossible to give any general
rule for the observable effect. My own time and attention were necessarily more devoted to fixing latitudes and longitudes, and delineating coasts and harbours, than to studying
the physics of this sea ; but I made a few experimentsT which I hope may render the subject a peculiar object of attention to some who have better means and more leisure. Indeed, I have little doubt that a day will arrive when it shall be proved that these inner-sea motions—except the
extreme local ones—are actually connected with those of the great oceanic waters. The closely following up a few
apparent anomalies in this beautiful department, added to the crowning tidal knowledge which may yet be expected
from our explorers in the Polar Sea—for which theoretical science yearns—must inevitably lead to a clear perception
of all the phenomena presented by tides. Me
n
dean
ra" ^ne Mediterranean, though poetically termed a ' tideless
tides. sea^ js far £rom bemg so m reality ; for accurate observation detects a sensible elevation and depression of its waters —independent of currents, surface drift, or wind-raised
swells. This, if not wholly, is partly ascribable to the lunar
sympathy, as manifested by the alternate changing of the
stream, and a periodical rise and fall, somewhat coincident
with the oscillations of the Torricellian tube ; the lowest
Barometer. surface accompanying a high barometer, and vice versa. But as yet these are hardly admissible terms, for though
there are places—as Venice and Jerbah—where the fact of a tide is shown in the amount and periodicity of its recur-
APPARENT PARADOX. 173
rence, and others where it is obvious from not immediately
mingling with water differing in temperature, set, and
velocity, still the tides over most part of this sea are so feeble and irregular as to be difficult to ascertain. Hence
it has been asked, if these motions are attributable solely Paradox, to the attraction of heavenly bodies and centrifugal force,
how is it that the moon, which is acknowledged to have an
attractive power sufficient to move such vast bodies of water as the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, should exert its influence so slightly over the inner sea, that many will hardly believe there are any tides in it ? To this the Newtonian answers, The strait by which it communicates with Answer, the ocean is so narrow, that it cannot in so limited a time
receive or discharge sufficient water to alter the elevation of the whole surface sensibly : and he moreover insists, that
instead of the faintness of the Mediterranean tides being an
objection to the theory of planetary attractions, it is a fair proof in its favour. For herein, the moon acting at the same moment in all parts, diminishes the gravity of the
mass, while the difference of atmospheric pressure upon
such a sea may tend to obliterate any slight appearance of
tide that would occur if the pressure were uniform over the
whole surface. Over a large space the air is increased in bulk, and consequently diminished in weight, by an almost
tropical heat, thereby occasioning mobility and alternation. Yet there being little or no neighbouring water to move
forward and increase the liquid elevation—which is pro- duced in other cases less by a vertical rise of the waters
attracted than by a lateral flowing of adjacent waters by
virtue of their greater density—there consequently can be
but weak tides in small seas, especially when the entrances
are comparatively narrow and shallow, and face the west, a
direction opposite to the general movement of the great
mundane tidal wave.
Still, although the Mediterranean tides are irregular, in Opinions ofmany parts scarcely perceptible, and mostly so in consider- cieate. able in a nautical point of view, that with a few exceptions
174 ANCIENT OPINIONS.
they are scarcely worth appreciating, they are unquestionahly interesting when physically considered, as exponents
of a general cause ; nor will it be forgotten that the theory
of tides was first studied on those very shores, even from
the time of Pytheas. Posidonius, who measured an arc of the meridian, explained the ebbing and flowing of the sea from the motion of the moon ; and he seems to have been
the earliest who declared the law of these phenomena,
although Caesar nearly at the same time (De Bello Gallico,
lib. iv.) alluded to the nature of spring tides, as being con- nected with the moon s age. But assuredly Pliny advanced on this subject almost all that was possible for human sagacity, before Sir Isaac Newton unveiled the great law of the
universe, and demonstrated that the same force which guides
the planets in. their courses causes the waters to rise and fall. Now Pliny had formally said, that the cause of the pheno- mena is in the sun and moon

verum causa in sole lundque —adding the remarkable assertion, that the moon exerts her power as well under the earth as when she is seen aloft.
Tides at Among the most palpable of the Mediterranean tide- ways are those in the Strait of Gibraltar, where various
anomalous eccentricities are found, in consequence of its being the avenue between that sea and the ocean. While
in command of a gun-boat at the siege of Cadiz, I found
the tide-hour* in the bay to happen at two o'clock, or no
* In the present rage for foisting new terms into the vernacular technicals of a working profession, both meaning and brevity should be sought : I am therefore glad that Lieutenant Raper, in his ' Practical Navigation,' has adopted this appropriate phrase (Ora del Porto of the Italians) for the High water on Full and Change days of erst, and its recent substitute Establishment of the Port. The word Pharonology has been introduced to teach us where lighthouses stand; and an attempt is in hand to supersede
the time-honoured and appropriate term, Variation of the needle, by the
equivocal word Declination, which latter has been so long held by seamen
as belonging to the sun. Watershed is absurdly forced into geography, to denote the highest ridges bounding the valleys of a country. It is a sort of echo of the German word Wasserscheidung (Water separation) ; but shed, either as a verb or a noun, has no such sense in English, and is almost
exclusively appropriated to the falling or dropping of tears or blood. ' Cul- minating divisions' would better express what is meant.
LATERAL TIDES OF GIBRALTAR. 175
less than two hours and a half sooner than all the tables in 1810 gave it to be ; in consequence of which the movements
of our flotilla at the siege were at first often embarrassed. By
my own observation, the full and change at Gibraltar occurs
at 12h 50m
; the rise at the former place ranging from eight
to twelve feet, and at the latter, as shown in the boat- camber, from three to five feet. But between these two
stations, I was assured by Don Felipe Bauza, the hydro- Captain
grapher of the Spanish navy, that it is high water at Tarifa
at llh 15m
, and under Cape Trafalgar at 5
h 40m
; from
which it would seem that from Europa Point the flood sets round Cape Carnero, and passing that headland flows to
Tarifa, in the vicinity of which it meets the tide coming
from the west off Cape Trafalgar, where it is low ebb when
it is high water at Tarifa. This is singular, but Bauza was
satisfied of the substantial truth of the facts. On the southern coast of the strait, another tide runs Ceuta andTangier. alongshore from Ceuta—where the tide-hour is at l
h 45m—by Tangier, where it is flood at 12h
, to Cape Spartel and
its offing. These lateral streams average a distance from
the respective shores of more than a couple of miles, and
their rate of velocity varies from two to four knots per
hour, their regularity being interrupted by the prevalent
direction and force of the winds ; and their action in impinging on the central current, occasions eddies and whirls
in the most prominent parts of the strait. But these
repercussions are so very transitory and changeable, often not occurring at all, that, on being consulted, I could not approve of General Don's allowing Ignazio Reiner, his pilot at the Rock, to insert them in a chart for publication

and the same of the very useless tabulated floods and ebbs,
making time and tide rather more synonymous than, with
all their strong points of resemblance, we find them to be. From what is thus advanced, it will be evident to the Proof of seaman that, with a moderate wind, there will be no dim- uses, culty, by watching the tides, in beating to the westward
176 LATERAL TIDES OF GIBRALTAR.
through the strait. And upon such conviction I acted ; for during the investment of Tarifa by the royalist general,
O'Donnell, in August, 1824, the besieged constitutionalists were ill-advised enough to fire at an English merchant- ship which was passing, whereby she incurred a detrimental
delay, and had she had any munitions of war on board,
would have been plundered, though the threat was softened by a promise of bills in payment. On learning this, being
the senior naval officer at Gibraltar, I instantly despatched
h. m. sloop the Pandora, sloop of war, Captain William Gordon, to
Pandora. expostulate with General Valdez, the commander of the
rebel garrison ; and I moreover directed Lieut. M'Causland,
in the mortar-boat Hamoaze, to lead the insulted trader through the straits. The wind was then westerly, blowing
fresh at intervals ; but I assured both these officers that by
making short boards with the flood tide on the Spanish
shore, the passage would readily be effected. It being a
point of strict service in which promptness was requisite,
my wishes were cordially seconded : the Pandora quickly
brought an ample apology from the unhappy constitutionalists—numbers of whom were destined to be shot in cold blood a few days afterwards—and the Hamoaze succeeded
in beating through with the heavily-laden merchantman in tow. This mortar-boat was but a tub of a vessel at best,
yet she thus performed a nautical feat, so far as I know,
then unprecedented.
Tides along On the Spanish coast inside the Mediterranean, the
of Spain, tides are certainly of the most moderate order ; and during some long spells in Port Mahon, when our Toulon block- ading fleet used to winter there, I found, after numerous
trials, that that fine harbour was barely affected, the ebbing
or flowing a foot or two being irregular, and evidently more
ascribable to winds than to lunar attraction. This was also the opinion of Mr. Gaze, the master of the fleet ; who told me, however, that a regular rise and fall had been detected
at Malaga, where it was flood at about 12 hours. This, in
SCIPIO AT CARTHAGENA. 177
consequence of strong sea-winds while there, I was unable
to prove ; but the assertion was in a measure corroborated
by the captain of the port, although his notions as to the
distinction between a current and a tide were no£ of a very definite character. / There was another point which gave me more trouble Tide at car-
-n , /
thagena. than the allegation respecting Malaga, and it Was this

Polybius, who is usually very exact as to what ho—personally knew, says that, at the siege of Carthagena by the
Romans, Scipio observed that a certain part of the walls was left undefended when the tide fell ; as the besieged
judged the sea to be a sufficient barrier on that side. Now
I diligently attended to the historian's statement, because
it involves a greater rise and fall than is known along this coast ; but no present evidence, either ocular or oral, would
lead to Scipio's conclusion. My experiments were made in the inner floating-harbour, which appears to occupy the
site of the cothon which occasioned Doria's aphorism,
that June, July, and Carthagena were the best ports in the Mediterranean. Here a fairly-placed tide-pole only
announced an alternation of about sixteen inches ; and the
pilots and fishermen of the spot knew of but little variation from this amount, except in offing gales. But another
assertion offers a still greater puzzle ; for Polybius (lib. x.) pointedly boasts that he can speak of Carthagena with
assurance, inasmuch as he takes his account, not from
hearsay, but from what he had himself seen and examined.
In this spirit he writes :
' The whole of this gulf takes the
character of a perfect harbour. For an island lies in its mouth, and leaves on either side a narrow entrance ; as it receives all the force of the swell from the sea, the whole
gulf remains entirely calm/ Now, as the term gulf cannot
allude to the cothon, or to the marshes then existing to the
north of it, this island can be no other than the bold and
rocky Scombrera ; but instead of being in front of the gulf, Scombrera.
it lies quite over on the south-east side, with the open bay
N
178 SHORES OF FRANCE AND ITALY.
on the west, and a boat-passage between it and the main.Polybius, however, might have viewed it from one of theeastern eminences, whence it was apparently brought tobear more centrally. This was a point which the late Dr.Dr. Arnold. Thomas Arnold—although he admitted the general accu-racy of Polybius—told me he would endeavour to ascertainin his next vacation, as it was a part of Spain he shouldlike to visit : that vacation he never saw, for, within afortnight after he wrote to me, he was suddenly seized withangina pectoris, which carried him off in a few hours, onthe 12th of June, 1842.
Along the Round the Mediterranean shores of France and Italyshores of m * France the tides are of little moment, the most exact observationsandltaly. . giving only a foot or two ot rise from that cause ; butthough this may be accepted roundly, I am not inclined toassign much weight to the tide-hours at Toulon, Spezzia,and Naples, which are respectively given as 3
h 30m
, l
h 45mand llh 20ra
, because there was considerable inconsistencyin the accounts placed before me by General Visconti, whoassured me that Sir Charles Blagdon's time for full andchange at Naples—between the hours of nine and ten(Philosophical Transactions for 1793)—is erroneous. Thetides, however, and the currents caused by them, in theFaro of beautiful Stretto Mamertino. or Faro of Messina, demandMessina. an express mention ; I shall therefore repeat what waspublished, for the most part, nearly thirty years ago, inmy account of Sicily and its Islands, especially as theappended details are not irrelevant to this inquiry : As the breadth across this celebrated strait has been so often disputed, I particularly state that the Faro tower is exactly 6047 English yards fromScylla. that classical bugbear, the Rock of Scylla, which, by poetical fiction, hasbeen depicted in such terrific colours, and to describe the horrors of which,Phalerian, a painter, famous for his nervous representation of the awfuland the tremendous, exerted his whole talent. But the flights of poetrycan seldom bear to be shackled by homely truth ; and if we are to receive the fine imagery that places the summit of this rock in clouds broodingeternal mists and tempests—that represents it as inaccessible, even to a manprovided with twenty hands and twenty feet, and immerses its base amongravenous sea-dogs ;—why not also receive the whole circle of mythological
THE FARO OF MESSINA. 179
dogmas of Homer, who, though so frequently dragged forth as an authority
in history, theology, surgery, and geography, ought, in justice, to be read
only as a poet. In the writings of so exquisite a bard, we must not expect
to find all his representations strictly confined to a mere accurate narration
of facts. Moderns of intelligence, on visiting this spot, have gratified their imaginations, already heated by such descriptions as the escape of the Argonauts, and the disasters of Ulysses, with fancying it the scourge of sea- men, and that in a gale its caverns ' roar like dogs ;' but I, as a sador, never
perceived any difference between the effect of the surges here, and on any
other coast, yet I have frequently watched it closely in bad weather. It is now, as I presume it ever was within the reach of history, a common rock, of bold approach, a little worn at its base, and surmounted by a castle, with
a sandy bay on each side. The one on the south side is memorable for the
disaster that happened there during the dreadful earthquake of 1783, when
an overwhelming wave (supposed to have been occasioned by the fall of a
part of the promontory into the sea) rushed up the beach, and, in its retreat, bore away with it upwards of 2000 people, whose cries, if they uttered any
in the suddenness of their awful fate, were not heard by the agonized spectators around. * * * On the whole, from the adhesive quality of the sands, and a strict examination of the various localities, particularly the lighthouse of the Faro Faro Point,
point, which was constructed more than 200 years ago on the ruins of an
ancient tower (then, as now, on the margin of the sea), I do not believe that the channel has widened ; indeed, it is not clear to me, that this part was
not originally wider, and that the two lakes have been gained from it; the
story related by Hesiod and Diodorus, of the sea being broad here, until Orion raised the promontory of Pelorus to place a temple on, though not a
confirmation, gives some colour to the supposition. The four principal stations of the distances across, in my trigonometrical
operations, by theodolite angles from a base line on that part of the beach
near Messina called Mare Grosso, are—from Faro point to Scylla castle, Breadth of 6047 yards, as before stated: from Ganziri village to Point Pezzo, 3971
e ar°' yards ; from Messina lighthouse to Point del Orso, 5427 yards ; and from
Messina lighthouse to the cathedral of Reggio, 13,187 yards, * * * The currents in the Faro are so numerous, and so varied, with respect Currents
to their duration and direction, that I found it very difficult to ascertain and ti(ies - anything with precision, as one series of observations seldom agreed with
another; but I have generally found the statements of the most experienced
pilots, after making due allowance for localities and weather, approximate
very near to each other. In settled seasons there is a central stream running
north and south, at the rate of from two to five miles an hour, and which
though, properly speaking, only a current, when uninfluenced by strong
winds, is guided by the moon. On each shore there is the refluo, a counter
or returning set, at uncertain distances from the beach, often forming eddies
to the central current;* but, in very fresh breezes, the lateral tides are
scarcely perceptible, while the main increases so as to send, at intervals, Blight whirlpools to each shore. There is, in general, an uncertain rise and
fall of a few inches ; but before the vernal equinox, when the sun is nearest
* With a descending current, the Iiefoli, or contrary sets, occur on the
Sicilian shore; with an ascending one, they are near Calabria. N 2
180 THE FARO OF MESSINA.
the earth, and the moon in her perigee, they rise to 18 or 20 inches. When the Rema montante, or main current, runs to the northward, it is called the ascending or flood, —and the contrary, the Rema scendente, the descending or ebb ; and this has obtained, perhaps, even from the time of Eratosthenes. There is usually an interval of from fifteen to sixty minutesbetween the changes ; and the tide runs six hours each way, though I haveknown it, during a south-east gale (which has the greatest influence), flow
to the northward upwards of eight hours. By the most precise observations
I have been able to make, it is high-water on the days of full and change of the moon, off the Faro point at 6h. 56m. ; and in the harbour of Messina at
8h. 10m., or rather later. But these times are in themselves irregular anduncertain, owing to the great waves without, and contingent agencies whichare not amenable to such calculations as mine were. A descending current makes the strait the roughest. Navigation The Faro channel is entered from the north on passing the lighthouse onof the th e point ; and though, from the nature of its winds and currents, it has long been clothed with imaginary terrors, yet as the Athenians and Syracusans, and the Locrians and Bhegians fought there, it could not have been consi- dered so fearfully horrible by ancient sailors as by ancient poets ; and the language of the former would probably have borne a tenour very different from the romantic embellishments of the latter, notwithstanding the passage through it might have been an affair of some moment with their small
vessels and inexperienced seamen. But we have been gravely assured in a
recent publication, that this strait is still extremely dangerous, and—for- getful of the memorable names of Loria, and Byng, and Walton*—it is addedthat Nelson was the first who ventured through with a squadron of men-of- war : while, on the contrary, it has always been used as an expeditious route by those, bound to the south-eastward, who have not been accustomed to a' coat of terrors and a cap of fear :' and I am convinced that no persons
well acquainted with this channel, will think it hazardous, especially if they have been in the habit of keeping well over to the Sicilian shore. From the baffling winds to be expected, however, it certainly requires
caution, though, except the set of the current towards the rocks under the Torre di Cavallo (a situation extremely disagreeable at night in bad weather), the beaches are so steep, that the stream enables vessels to glide safely alongthem. In light breezes, the current may be stronger than the ship's effort, and by turning her round, often alarms a person unacquainted with the phenomenon, although there is no actual danger: and the losses there, during my residence in the island, were certainly not more than wouldhave been the case in any other part frequented by an equal number of
* This was the officer who, after the action between Byng and Castaneta, being detached in pursuit of six sail of the line and as many smaller ships that had escaped, reported his complete success to the Admiral in the follow- ing laconic terms :

' Sie, —We have destroyed all the enemy's ships and vessels on the coast, as per margin.—I am, &c.,
' Geokge Walton.
' Canterbury, off Syracuse, 16th August, 1718.'
THE FARO OF MESSINA. 181
I would not, indeed, advise a stranger to push through in the night, Caution, unless with a fine free wind, as the light at Messina is so indifferent, that it cannot be distinguished among the numerous torches of the fishermen, who,
every tranquil night, cover the strait with their boats. Precautions should
also be taken against the heavy gusts which, at times, from the mountainous
nature of the coasts, vehemently rush down the fiumare (torrent-beds), and
are dangerous to small vessels. I have twice, with grief, seen the neglect
of them prove fatal ; one of these circumstances occurred in the Sicilian
flotilla, to which I was then attached ; a fine barge, with eighteen of the
best sailors we had, in attendance upon Colonel Caffiero, one of our officers, had been on constant duty in this strait for several years ; when, in the
early part of 1815, having carried the Princess of Hesse Philipstadt on board
a vessel bound to Palermo, the barge was assailed by so sudden a squall on
her return, that they could not lower the mainsail, and she instantly overset ; the bodies of the unfortunate men were picked up the next day, between
Scaletta and Taormina, about twenty miles to the southward. It is remarkable that there has been found in Messina a Greek inscription to the memory of thirty-seven youths of Cyzicus, who met a similar fate in the Faro ; and in honour of whom, as many statues—the workmanship of Calion —were erected with a suitable inscription. My description of Charybdis must follow that of Scylla :—
Outside the tongue of land, or Braccio di Santo Rainiere, that forms the Charybdi harbour of Messina, we see the Galofaro, or celebrated vortex of Charybdis, which has, with more reason than Scylla, been clothed with terrors by the
writers of antiquity. To the undecked boats of the Rhegians, Locrians, Zancleans, and Greeks, it must have been formidable ; for, even in the pre- sent day, small craft are sometimes endangered by it, and I have seen
several men-of-war, and even a seventy-four gun ship (the Queen, bearing the flag of Rear-Admiral Sir Charles Penrose), whirled round on its surface; but by using due caution, there is generally very little danger or inconvenience
to be apprehended. The Galofaro appears to be an agitated water, of from
70 to 90 fathoms in depth, circling in quick eddies ; but rather an incessant undulation than a whirlpool, and the cases are only extreme when any vor- tiginous ripples threaten danger by absorption to laden boats. It is owing,
probably, to the meeting of the harbour and lateral currents with the main
one, the latter being forced over in this direction by the opposite point of
Pezzo. This agrees in some measure with the relation of Thucydides, who
calls it a violent reciprocation of the Tyrrhene and Sicilian seas ; and he is the only writer of remote antiquity I remember to have read, who has
assigned this danger its true situation, and not exaggerated its effects. Many wonderful stories are told respecting this vortex, particularly some
said to have been related by the celebrated diver,* Colas, who at last lost
* A diver on my establishment, named Dionisio Ninfo, had been brought up at the Faro, who, though an elderly man, could descend in seven or eight fathoms water, and there remain a minute and a half. My servant having
accidentally thrown some spoons overboard at Milazzo, in six fathoms
182 TIDES IN THE ADRIATIC.
his life here. I have never found reason, however, during my examinationof this spot, to believe one of them. The formation of the Tangdora shoals, stretching out on each side of theGalofaro. little kind of bay, off which the Galofaro is situated, is probably owing tothe eddies of Charybdis ; and the sand, being united by the bituminousparticles before mentioned, is as hard as a rock. I first surveyed theseshoals, and supplied the Senate of Messina with a large plan of them. Tostrangers entering the harbour at night, they are dangerous, as ships areapt to close the light too much ; and if the vessel grounds, the rapidity ofthe stream, and great depth of the water outside, are obstacles to getting off again. To prevent the repetition of an accident, not unfrequent, I recom-mended a smaller light to be placed between the established one andFort Salvador, which has since been adopted, and must prove of infinite service. Taranto. The Captain of the Port at Taranto, by General Visconti's desire, promised to send me a set of observations ontidal phenomena in that gulf, which he pronounced to be' molto singolare ; but I never received his document, andfrom my own notice detected nothing along those shores,but the usual atmospheric influence in the Mediterranean.In the Adriatic Sea, the tides, in most parts, are soweak as not to be easily recognised ; yet that they existthroughout it, has been ably shown by Professor Toaldo,of Padua, in an essay intituled De reciproco JEstu MarisVeneti, of which a copious abstract appears in the Philosophical Transactions for 1777. The head or upper partof the Gulf of Yenice (often termed the bottom) has a verynotable rise, ranging from one foot to nearly four in springs,and according to the prevalence of winds up or down. Thetimes of high water before the moon's passing the meridian,are considered as fairly noted in the following table forVenice. Venice and Chioggia, which was forwarded to mebyColonel Campana —at those two places the rising andsetting of the moon is the time of low water for that day,and about l
h 30m before the moon reaches the meridian,is the time of high water.
Adriatic
tides.
depth, Dionisio was overboard in a trice, and recovered them, to the surprise and amusement of some officers who had breakfasted with me, and whocould watch his movements in the clear water.
TIDES AT VENICE. 183
New Moon. Full Moon.
Day. Night. Day. Night.
H. n. E. M. H. M. H. n. January 2 40 ... 1 40 ... 2 41 ... 56
February 2 8 ... 1 57 ... 2 13 ... 57 March 2 5 ... 2 5 ... 2 27 ... 1 11 April 2 18 ... 1 19 ... 58 ... 58 May ... . ... 30 ... 8 ... 40 ... 1 25 June 1 2 ... 2 47 ... 15 ... 2 45
July 38 ... 53 ... 23 ... 1 22 August 3 ... 9 ... 31 ... 2 1 September 54 ... 1 39 ... 47 ... 47
October 1 40 ... 35 ... 1 47 ... 47 November 1 56 ... 41 ... 2 29 ... 1 December 1 25 ... 1 11 ... 2 45 ... 1 By this table, it seems that our own conclusion of the Effect of winds on tide-hour falling at or about ten on full and change days, these is not alarmingly in error. But though the elevation of the tidal waters is stated above, it should be added, that northerly winds lessen this amount, in neaps, most dis- agreeably to the olfactories; while those from the south
throw in a surcharge which sometimes raises the surface to
five or six feet above the general level, inundating all the
lagoon marshes. Towards the end of the month of December, 1821, after a continuance of fresh south-east winds for several days, the sea was raised to an extraordinary height

so much so, that Venice appeared like one extensive lake
during the whole of Christmas-day and the 26th. On this occasion the gondolas were plying in the Piazza di San
Marco ; and from the evidence of records and votive pictures, this is not at all a solitary case. According to Professor Toaldo, a few days about every Professor Toaldo. new and full moon, the tide is higher than ordinary ; and
by means of these spring tides only is it that the larger
ships are carried in and out of port. He also found that, of two daily tides, the one is higher and of longer duration
than the other ; and that the greatest spring tide scarcely ever happens on the very day of the syzigies, but either on, before, or after it, by one, two, three, or sometimes four
days. Toaldo likewise saw reason for assuming that the
184 IONIAN TIDES.
height of the springs at Venice is above what it was for- merly, because he ascertained that the tides now really
flow to places considerably above what they reached in ancient times ; and certainly a comparison of his own meanheights —taken less than a century ago—gives on theaverage, less than those of our own day. But the instances are too unstable for building upon ; exact registers havenever been kept there, and we must remember it is onrecord, that tide-mills were established at Venice so far back as the year A.D. 1078.
Coast of In H.M.S. Aid we found the tides off Istria set againstthe north-east wind at the rate of nearly a knot an hour, andthen return to its south-east course ; and, at times, the effect of the ebb was to cause an apparent stand-still of the offing
and central waters. The gale called Bora certainly occasions a surcharge along the coast of Italy, but at Barletta,
Bari, Monopli, and Brindisi, the sailors insist on experiencing a tidal action, ranging from a few inches to threefeet. Our operations were not sufficiently nice for confirming this assumption, nor does it rest on very strong grounds,being due more to a transient notice than to direct experi-ment. Neither could we detect positive indications of aIonian Sea. regular tide in the Ionian Sea,* except in one instance
;
although I have known sets of stream running at morethan a knot, with a rise and fall of nearly two feet, generally corresponding with the Adriatic movements. Theexception alluded to is Patras, at the entrance of the Gulfof Corinth, where we established the mean tide-hour at6
b 54m
, with a range of about two feet and a half. Thiswas obvious ; whence we must conclude that the lunarinfluence is manifest on the neighbouring shores—a fact,
* There was much talk about a current in Port Argostoli, which the Cephaloniots believed to flow uniformly against the wind, ' owing to sub- terraneous caverns.' It is, however, but an effect of the form and contour
of the harbour and its vicinity, as acted on by winds in heaping and headingup the waters of one arm, and draining them off by the other.
TIDES IN THE ARCHIPELAGO. 185
however, which it was out of our power to ascertain : for Gulf of
m
. r ... Corinth. the rise and fall observed at Lepanto, Galaxidi, Corinth,
and Vostitsa—though covering and leaving dry alternately a considerable extent of shore—were evidently so dependent
on winds, that as yet we must set them down as currents. But there is a singular periodic motion prevailing in the
waters of this gulf, independent of whatever flux and reflux there may be ; it generally takes place twice in twenty-four
hours, when unopposed by fresh gales, the inset being
termed embasmos, and the outset eugalmos. A knowledge of this peculiarity aids the arrivals and departures of shipping, and facilitates local intercourse. The Archipelago presents, with certain anomalies arising Archipe- frorn its shape and its islands, the general aqueous motions
of other portions of the Mediterranean Sea, and is more
amenable to currents than tides. But, ages ago, Herodotus
spoke of the ebbing and flowing of the sea in the Gulf of
Milis, before Thermopylae, which, he asserts,
( may be seen every day' (Polymnia, § 198); and in the Euripus, or Eunpus. Strait of Negropont—which in the gorge is only forty yards
wide —a very remarkable phenomenon of reciprocated
motion in the waters is observed. During the first quarter
of the moon, as well as from the 14th to the 20th of its age, and also for the last three days of the lunation, the
tide ebbs and flows regularly four times in the twenty-four
hours ; while during each of the other days, it ebbs and
flows, with the great force of five or six knots, from eleven
to fourteen times per diem, though the difference of elevation rarely exceeds two feet. This is, to a degree, accounted
for by assuming that a change of wind in the Gulf of Volo,
or iEgean Sea, produces also a change in the relative levels of waters around, and a stream consequently flows through
the bridge at Egripos to restore the equilibrium ; and it is well known to those along the shore, on account of the
contrary motions given to mill-wheels, that a southerly
wind produces a strong set to the northward, while a
186 AFRICAN TIDES.
northerly wind is accompanied by a southerly current. These tidal irregularities, and their residual phenomena,have attracted attention for ages^ and there is an idle story
Aristotle's that Aristotle drowned himself here, because he was unable
death. ' to explain the cause. Persecution and banishment after he had enjoyed power, more probably shortened the life of the philosopher, than any dissatisfaction from an intel- ligent failure; especially since he had always affected to scorn suicide as dastardly and disgraceful.
Smyrna. At Smyrna, it is said that the tide flows on full andchange days, when regular, from three to four o'clock, with
a rise of two feet ; but it is added, that the neaps are always irregular. This tide-hour, however, is not recognised
by Sir Francis Beaufort. ' Neither on this coast ' (Karamania), says he, ' nor in the Gulf of Smyrna, where the
Fredericksteen was stationed for some months, could it be
perceived that the direction of the current, or the rise andfall of the water, were influenced by the moon. The depth
of the water does, indeed, frequently vary, but this effect
is produced by the direction of the winds ; those from the
south and west universally raising it, in some cases even two feet, and those from the opposite quarters depressing
it in an equal degree/ Recent observations attempt to show that in the port of Mermericheh, the tide flows on
full and change at 9
h 30m
, and rises eight or ten inches ; but, unless with a tide-gauge under able inspection, I should very much doubt the absolute accuracy of such a
determination.
North Along; the African shore the tides are distinctly trace- able in some places, though imperceptible in others. Thus,
at the mouth of the Tetuan river, the water rises nearly four
feet on full and change, at l
h 30m
, and is hardly discernible a little farther to the east. The often-cited flux and reflux at Bizerta—noticed by the younger Pliny,* in his strange
Africa.
* This is a point upon which the ipsissima verba of the Younger Pliny
TIDES IN THE GULF OF KHABS. 187
story of the dolphin—is caused by vaporization, the action
of winds and rains, and the consequent effect on the sea

which rendered it, in Dr. Shaw's opinion, a miniature of the Strait of Gibraltar. At the Goletta of Tunis, there is Goietta. a rise and fall of nearly three feet, which is so variable in
its times of recurrence, that it must be ascribed to local rather than lunar causes ; but towards the Lesser Syrtis, Lesser the moon's influence becomes less equivocal. Along the
Karkenah and Sfakus channel the tides are fairly developed,
running about a couple of knots, a rate often increasing to upwards of three, as they gather round the Gulf of Khabs ; until, on passing Jerbah, they flow away to the eastward,
and weaken by diffusion. This is one of the greatest lati- tudinal distances from Venice, and therefore increased tidal vigour might have been expected ; but I was amused
rather than vexed, on finding our boats lying high and dry
nearly a mile from the Burj-er-Rus, a pyramid of human
skulls just outside the castle of Jerbah, under which we had
landed two or three hours before. The Mediterranean station had made us overlook the wholesome nautical rule of keeping the boats afloat ; but, happily, our being left aground by
a receding tide entailed none of the dreadful disasters which
befel the Spaniards under Lacerda and Doria, in 1561, when
the slaughter took place that supplied the Christian heads
with which the Burj-er-Rus ( Tower of Heads) is built. The
tide rises till about 3
h 10m
, ranging from four to six feet, and Kise and
- fall at at times even to eight ; the waters around must consequently Jerbah. be affected in some degree by its action. Still, the great
bank formed between Jerbah and Lampedusa shelves so gradually, that the great sea-swells roll in and disperse
without breaking. I therefore, on several occasions, when
the wind was dead towards the shore, and the waves rising,
should be cited : Adjacet ei (Hippo) navigabile stagnum, ex quo in modum
fluminis ajstuarium emergit, quod vice alterna, proutsestus aut repressit aut
impulait, nunc iufertur mari, nunc redditur stagno.'

(Lib. ix. Ep. 33.)
188 AFRICAN TIDES.
ran the Adventure to leeward out of the sea-swell, till wefound a convenient depth for anchoring in smooth water. Had I known of this in 1816, it would have saved Lord
Exmouth a world of hurry and anxiety, as well as the loss of a few anchors, when his squadron was caught by a
northerly gale in Tripoli roads.
Lord Ex- It was then that a circumstance which I have elsewhere
mouth. related, took place : the wind came on suddenly while the
Admiral and most of his captains were on shore negotiating
the treaty for the suppression of slavery. By his lordship's
desire I mounted to the terraced roof of the consulate,
which overlooked the anchorage ; and perceiving that some
of the ships were driving, and others heeling over prodigiously, my report quickly brought up Lord Exmouth and
his flag-captain. Sir James Brisbane, the others all hurrying down to their boats. On the Admiral's nearly gaining
the terrace, I called down the stairs, ' My lord, the Montagu is under sail/ * Oh ! as for Heywood/ he replied,
' no fear of him ; what are the others doing V By this time he had gained the summit of the house ; he looked at the ships, and was off in an instant. Beyond Tripoli, between Mesratah and Grennah, or Kirenneh (Gyrene), is the wide and open gulf which the
The Greater ancients called the Greater Syrtis, mentioned in the first chapter. Of this once-dreaded spot, the dangers to navigation are said to have been occasioned by the frequent
occurrence of banks and shallows formed by the flux and
reflux* of the sea, and still more by these movements
themselves. Now, as we found only the slightest possible indications of tide here, this flux and reflux can only apply
to the indraught which follows the sea-winds, and the
reaction of the body of waters when the opposite ones
* Pliny the Elder speaks of both the Syrtes as being ' vadoso ac reci- proco mari diros/ in a passage which Philemon Holland renders—' The third
gulfe is parted into twaine, cursed horrible places both, for the ebbing and
flowing of the sea, and the shelves betweene the two Syrtes.'
THE GREATER SYRTIS. 189
prevail. Captain Beechey, then a lieutenant of the Adven- Captain
ture, in charge of the party which journeyed round its shores by land, while the ship examined the coast by sea, mentions many parts where he perceived the effect of very
violent surges ; but, on the whole, he concluded that the
land had advanced upon the sea in those regions, ' since we
find their ancient ports now filled up with sand, their lakes
to have taken the character of marshes, and their quicksands (if ever they had any) to have become solid and firm/
The result of our operation is, that navigation, if necessary, can look the Syrtis in the face, for the whole is now proved
to be approachable in cases of necessity ; but without such
necessity, no vessel, especially of the smaller sort, ought to get embayed there ; for northerly winds have a long and
uninterrupted fetch. But the difference of impression be- tween the present time and that which prevailed when
I first went thither, in 1816, is remarkable, for all the
local seamen then spoke of it with dread : yet I could
find no one—not even in the Basha of Tripoli's squadron —who had any personal experience in the matter, except one Monsieur Lautier, whose relation I could not rely upon, m. Lautier. as I soon found that he carried too much canvas for his
ballast. It may therefore illustrate the matter, if part of a letter which I addressed to Baron de Zach, and which
he published in his Correspondance Astronomique for 1822, be here subjoined :

All the world know that the two Syrtes are the great gulfs on the northern coast of Africa, between Carthage and Cyrene, and that they were
the terror of the ancient mariners : so it is reported by Herodotus, Scylax, Diodorus Siculus, Pomponius Mela, Edrisi, and many other historians, geo- graphers, and poets ; among the last, Lucan and Apollonius Rhodius, &c. Apollonius The lines of the latter represent the general notions on the subject a century lihodius. and a half before our era :

' Near the fell Syrtis is the vessel borne. There shifting sands the labouring bark embay

Thence never crew pursued the homeward way. A hideous tract the slimy marshes spread ; The putrid waves are motionless and dead :
190 THE GREATER SYRTIS.
A treacherous depth of seeming land is seen, Devouring water, clothed in fraudful green. Along the brine a spume corrupted lies, And pestilential vapours load the skies. Inhospitable rise the sandy heaps
;
No bird has dwelling there; no thing that creeps.'
It was with descriptions so terrible and alarming, that I attacked this
classical bugbear. I entered by Mesratah, and by the flat shore of Isa : myexpectations were realized. I did not find it a coast desolate, monotonous, and melancholy—without form, and so low as to justify the character which
has been given by the old navigators, that it is ' neither land nor sea.' Wedid not see submerged plains, or drowned lands ; but we saw distinctly how
the waves, which are perpetually breaking against the shore, wash and leave the rocks uncovered which abound on this coast, and which are also strewed with the remains of many wrecks. Horrible swamps, however, seem to extend over a superfices of nearly 200 miles, and are so perfectly level, that Wrecks. they appear rather like a sea than a shore. The wrecks are, without doubt,
those of ships which have deviated, or been driven, from their proper routes, being misled during the night, or during thick fogs, which are common
here. On other parts of the coast there are few or no dangers, excepting
several little heads of rocks, scattered about different points. The tides are
insignificant. With the hand-lead going, a vessel may approach all parts of the coast between Mesratah and Cape Razat, which is thirty-five leagues
beyond Benghazi. This is a singular contradiction to the reports of the
difficulties that the ancient mariners pretended to have found ; but it must
be acknowledged that vessels should not enter into this gulf, unless chased by tempests which it is impossible for them to resist ; for, in rough weather, the sea rises here to a prodigious height. It must also be considered, that
the navigators of those times were always at a loss in estimating their reckonings ; they were also troubled by the terrors which their imagination
created, knowing that they should experience no mercy from the wandering and barbarous tribes inhabiting this coast. But of what utility can it be to enter here ? there being but one place
in the whole gulf worthy of being called a port,—and even that a poor one.
Lucan's Having alluded (ante, p. 122) to Lucan's prediction
prediction. regp
ectulg ^^ gUif} -ft may be here further noticed. In the
ninth book of the Pharsalia, he speaks of nature as having
left the Syrtis a mingled and useless mass of drowned land,
stagnant pools, waters, and swelling tides ; after which
(voce Rowe) he thus perorates :

Perhaps, in distant ages, 'twill be found, When future suns have run the burning round, These Syrts shall all be dry and solid ground
;
Small are the depths their scanty waves retain, And earth grows daily on the yielding main. Lucan, ix. 539.
GENERAL SUMMARY. 191
Such are the boundaries and such the contents of the stability of Mediterranean ; but, even at the risk of repetition, a remark terranean. or two is called for before noticing the inhabitants of these
waters. After what has been advanced, there appears to be no sufficient reason for supposing that there is any positive
diminution of waters in this Inner Sea, or any altera- tion of its general level ; by which term is meant the
actual line coincident, or nearly so, with the mean point of time between its greatest and least height—a datum, however, which in these regions it is hardly necessary to discuss. On a due consideration of all the circumstances, the
problem resolves itself into this : whether the level has
actually been raised a few feet in the course of twenty
centuries, or whether the ground has subsided to a similar amount in consequence of unknown causes. Although, as
I have already stated, many submerged ruins are met with, an examination of various cothons, moles, and other sea- works, proves the permanency of the level of the Mediter- ranean from a remote historical period ; and, on the whole,
my impression is, that its coasts have gained at least as much on one hand as they have lost on the other. This never-ceasing reciprocity bears out the ' velut paria secum faciente natura (velut sua damna compensante Natura) : quaqua hauserit hiatus, alio loco red- dente/ of the Sage. The question forms the point to which modern geological inquiry has now arrived, for it is clearly discernible that the effects of such alternations must be connected with the history of life upon our globe.
But precisely the same idea was distinctly started by
Strabo, nearly 1900 years ago. ' It is not/ says that phi- strata's losophical geographer, * because the lands covered by the v^w.^
sea were originally at different altitudes, that the waters have risen, subsided, or receded from some parts and inundated others ; but the reason is, that the same land is sometimes raised up, and sometimes depressed, and the sea also
is simultaneously raised and depressed, so that it either
192 PENETRATING POWER OF LIGHT.
overflows, or returns into its own place again/ Wouldany of our most practical geologists express any other
opinion at the present moment ?
T
§ 6. Mediterranean Ichthyology.
•HIS is a most interesting field for inquiry, especially as connected with the general physics of the InnerSea ; and though the full development of the MightyDeep may, probably, never be vouchsafed to the means or
curiosity of man, much additional information will, nodoubt, reward perseverance. And again must I express
regret at the imperfect tenour of my researches, for professional duties left no choice, and the flight of time wasever defeating inclination.
Penetration The solar rays, we are told, only penetrate to the depthof twenty-five fathoms, below which the sea receives nolight, and consequently little or no direct heat from the sun ; but this hypothesis is assuredly lame, since I havesunk a plate, and then viewed it with the marine-tubehereafter described, at that depth ; which is a very different operation from the penetrating power of the solar beams.
Indeed, as water is pervious to light, it must necessarily
pierce the limpidity to a vast depth—under the obvious
conditions as to intensity of the rays and smoothness of the
surface—before these rays are intercepted. It is analogically presumed that air is disseminated through the
waters, without which marine creatures could not exist, as they would be incapable of decomposing the fluid for the
purpose of procuring the oxygen that may be really neces- sary for them. At present it is impossible to pronouncehow far all marine life may require light, for our knowledgeof the pelagians inhabiting great depths is necessarily
limited, and, as was just said, we know little respecting the
PRESSURE OF THE SEA. 193
penetration of solar rays into the deeper abysses. In such a medium, we might anticipate some modification in the
organs of vision of those mollusks which possess eyes ; and
naturalists have found instances of such adaptation, not
only in the eyes of the lower marine inhabitants, but also in the very fitting of the air-bladder. A very remarkable
instance is said to be afforded in the Pomatomus telesco- Pomatomus
tdcsco- pus* a creature found in the depths of the Mediter- pus. ranean, which is furnished with remarkably large eyes, so formed as to gather every ray of light which can illume the
darkness of its abode.
The real amount of pressure borne by animal life in Pressure, profound depths, is truly an interesting element for consi- deration and experiment. At 16 fathoms, a living creature would have to sustain only about 60 pounds to the square
inch, and at 60 fathoms as much as 180 pounds. At 100
fathoms depth the pressure would amount to 285 pounds,
and at 700 fathoms the creature must bear with impunity
a quantity equal to 1830 pounds upon the square inch;
while the pressure of 1000 fathoms of superincumbent
water on the same area considerably exceeds a ton. Now,
I have drawn up star-fish alive through 170 fathoms, but
since then Professor E. Forbes has nearly doubled that depth
* Not having met with this fish either in markets or books, I applied to my friend, Professor Edward Forbes, to hunt it up for me : his answer was —' I have at length succeeded in tracing him to his lair. The Pomatomus
tdescopus is a sea-fish, one of the true Percedce. It is remarkable for its enormous eye, and is very rare indeed.' Risso describes these eyes, the
opercula of which are in three pieces. He mentions a pelagian, which he names A lepocejthalus rostral us, with still larger eyes, saying, —' C'est un ph&nomdne tres digne de toute attention des Ichthyologistes, que les poissons
les plus remarquables des bords de l'Europe meridionale, qui habitent a deux milles pieds et plus de profondeur, ont leurs ecailles adherentes tres faiblement a la peau, et les organes de la vue d'une grandeur dispropor- tionnee a l'ensemble de leur corps ; que leur vessie natatoire est si vaste, que leurs caecunes sont si nombreux, et que les teintes qui les colorent
reflecbissent si peu de nuances. Quant a leurs habitudes, elles resteront encore pour les naturalistes long temps enseveliesdans les profondes regions des mere."

Hist. Nat. de V Europe merid., t. iii. p. 449. O
194 PRESSURE OF THE SEA.
with success; and I understand that M. Biot has madecaptures from still deeper water—his own expression being,that they existed ' dans les grandes profondeurs des mers.'Of course these animals are properly fitted for such anextraordinary condition of existence ; but the pressure ofthe sea on inanimate bodies, and at comparatively no greatdepth, is sufficiently obvious. I have twice found that theEffect on cylindrical copper air-tube, under the vane attached tocopper
x
\ cylinders. Massey's ingenious patent sounding-lead, was unable tostand; for it collapsed at little more than 200 fathoms'depth in the first instance, and in the second was crushedflat under a pressure of about 300 fathoms. Moreover,a claret-bottle filled with air and well corked, burst onits descent to 400 fathoms with the brass Marcet cylinder,and others broke at little more than half that depth.Bottles. ^e a|g0 founc[ that bottles filled with fresh water—andweeven wasted wine on some occasions—and corked, had thecork usually forced in at about from 150 to 180 fathomsbelow the surface. In these cases the fluid sent downisexuded, and the vessel returned full of sea-water ; the corkwhich had been forced in, is sometimes inverted within theneck of the bottle.
Animal life ^o return. It is impossible to overlook the teemingin the sea. L °animal life in the ' vasty deep ,* ' which not only affords subsistence by one marine race feeding on the other, but givesducks, divers, gulls, shags, petrels, tern, and all sorts ofaquatic birds—as well as turtles, seals, and other amphibia—a constant supply of food, and also adds abundantlytothe sustenance and traffic of man. From the wondrousproductive power of fishes, their numbers are incalculable; yet so numerous are their enemies, that it has been questioned whether any of them die a natural death. Still, inthe brief span between the ova and the end, all and eachof the constituent individuals of those myriads, togetherwith all the subaqueous vegetable tribes, have theirallotted portions in the universal economy; they aid in
HABITS OF FISHES. 195
giving circulation to the waters, and thereby tempering the
climates of the globe ; for even those mollusks which of themselves seem hardly capable of locomotion, qualify,
though in a degree almost infinitesimal, the equilibrium by
their secretions. There is no doubt that marine animals strictly seek Habits of
fisllt'S those districts and depths in each of which their respective foods are found ; and herein is an extraordinary adaptation
of means to the end, insomuch that fishes swimming near
the surface and those a few fathoms below them differ, and
these, again, are found to be different from those with
habitats at greater depths. Yet, whatever profundity the
fishes may inhabit—and pelagians are presumed to frequent
the profoundest—as their respiratory organs and specific
gravity seem to be admirably adapted to the nature of
water, they can live and breathe with ease at every inch
throughout. The distribution of mollusca, radiata, and
others of the lower organization, is also palpably arranged
for the fore-mentioned ends, although greatly dependent on local conditions. Professor Forbes, who was for eighteen professor e. months in the iEgean with Captain Graves, divides that portion of the sea to which his inquiries were directed
into eight regions of depth, each characterized by its peculiar fauna. l Certain species/ he says, ' in each are found
in no other, several are found in one region which do not range into the next above, whilst they extend to that below,
or vice versa. Certain species have their maximum of development in each zone, being most prolific in individuals
at that zone in which is their maximum, and of which they
may be regarded as especially characteristic. Mingled, with
the true natives of every zone are stragglers, owing their presence to the secondary influences which modify distribution. Every zone has also a more or less general mineral
character, the sea not being equally variable in each, and
becoming more and more uniform as we descend/ (See his Report on JEcjean Invertebrata, 1813.) o 2
196 WHALES.
Whales.
Sharks.
Fisheries.
Instances have occurred through successive ages, of thelarger cetaceous animals having made their appearanceoccasionally in the Mediterranean waters. Various indivi-duals have even been captured ; as a pike-headed whale(Bahama hoops), upwards of 100 feet long, off Corsica, inthe year 1620 ; a fin-fish (Balcena physails), near Barcelona, in 1744 ; another fin-fish near Tunis, in 1787 ; around-nosed whale (Balcena musculus), killed on the coastof Provence in 1790 ; and two or three cases of the commonwhale (Balcena mysticetus) being beached. But not beingnatives of this sea, they must only be regarded as stragglersadrift. The Orca that grounded in the port of Ostia, whichPliny saw so gallantly attacked by the Praetorian guards,was no doubt a stranded whale. Much discussion hasarisen about Jonah's ' great fish/* which custom has reco-gnised as a whale ; but others consider the large baskingshark (Squalus maximus) to have been the creature inquestion, although it is the tamest and most harmless ofthe ichthyological races, feeding mostly on medusae, smallCrustacea, and sea-plants. The Lamia (Squalus carcharias),or white shark, the most voracious of human food of allfishes, has a better claim to have been the c great fish' thatswallowed the prophet, since he can readily ingulf a manwhole ; and it has therefore sometimes been designatedJono3 piscis.
Though many of the most valuable species of fish areabundant in the Mediterranean, the quarantine regulations^arbitrary exactions, and deficient enterprise of most of the* The English authorized version of the Book of Jonah (i. 17 andii. 1, 10), is literal and exact. No epithet is used except ' great/ and the Hebrew word dag is a common term signifying fish : that which swallowed Jonah is not specifically named in the Hebrew Bible, but in the New Tes- tament (Matthew xii. 40), the word is rendered Krjrog in Greek, whichusually signifies a whale, but is ^Iso taken for any very large fish. Thenoted idol Dag-on (1 Sam. v, 1, 2) was represented as half man, half-fish, and has therefore been taken for the Assyrian monster Derceto (Diodorus
Siculus, ii. 4), the original mermaid, but without reason.
MIGRATORY FISHES. 197
people who inhabit the coasts, have combined to prevent
the fisheries from being carried to the desired extent as an
object of external commerce, most of the produce being
consumed at home. From this, however, we must except
the tunny, the sword-fish, the anchovy, and the sprat, the Tunnies, capture and curing of which are carried on with great &c. spirit ; while the coral fisheries form an important branch
of industry, though often far from being highly remunerative. In an economic view of the central parts of this
sea, perhaps the tunny is the most important fish ; and I have already described the method of taking it, and other
particulars, in my accounts of Sicily and Sardinia. I also alluded to the migratory visits of this fish having become Migratory more capricious of late than formerly, insomuch that sometimes the produce of the tonimre barely repays the expenses
of their establishment. This may arise from accidental
obstructions to their course, a point on which they are
said to be very sensitive ; and they are extremely gregarious. The shoal enters the Mediterranean from the ocean
in spring, passes along the European shores into the Black
Sea, where they are supposed to spawn, and returns along
the African shore to the ocean in the fall of the year. But
in the Black Sea it has been noted to enter along the coast of Asia, and return along that of Europe ; a peculiarity
which Pliny, following Aristotle, accounts for by supposing
the fish to see better with the right eye than with the left. The more natural opinion is, that the prevailing winds are the cause, those of summer being chiefly from the south,
and those of the later seasons from the north ; the fish, therefore, may be presumed to prefer the smooth water under the weather shore. This is not said to impugn the
merit of those writers, for they—together with Archestratus, An™^T iElian, Ovid, Oppian, Isodorus, Athenaeus, and Ausonius

have recorded such numerous interesting and instructive
facts relative to the customs and instincts of Mediterranean
fishes, that we almost overlook their neglect of specific
writers
198 DIFFICULTIES OF NOMENCLATURE.
Aristotle.
Kemark.
differences. Kecent inquiry has, indeed, confirmed thetruth of many of their statements which had for ages beenstigmatized as fabulous. But among all inquirers into marine zoology, none canclaim a footing on the same plinth with Aristotle; thegeneralizations of whose admirable researches (arsp £awvio-Topia.) in these waters, remain to this hour unshaken.
But a study of the habits of the finny tribes, with theiraffinities and analogies, though so interesting in itself, is notthe legitimate object of these pages, the intention herebeing merely to give a glimpse of the Mediterraneanichthyology, by appending a list of the inhabitants of itscentral waters —a region chosen as probably affordingspecimens of the whole sea. In this enumeration—whichis necessarily deficient—I have taken every pains to arriveat a sound general view, having attended the fisheries onthe coasts of Tunis, Sardinia, Sicily, and Calabria, as wellas the various markets in those places. There has been nosmall trouble in drawing it up, for the trivial name of manya fish differed in the course of a few miles ; and difficultiesoccurred in reconciling the scientific synonymes of variousspecies, especially where the differences are barely demonstrable, or where personal names of the naturalist's friendsare foisted in. My course was, therefore, to cling towardsthe Linnsean classification—which I had already followedin the memoirs of Sicily and Sardinia—because it is bestsuited to the degree of my knowledge in that department,and enables me to keep clear of the more intricate systemsrecently introduced. Among the Sicilian names a few areadded in the Sardinian vernacular, the two being sufficientlyin alliance to make but little difference ; and an Italianwill find no difficulty in understanding them at sight. Iwill therefore proceed to the enumeration, merely remarking by the way, that though mostly handsomer thanBritish fishes, those of the Mediterranean Sea are, ingeneral, not to be compared with them in flavour.
ICHTHYOLOGY. 199
I. THE PRINCIPAL MEDITERRANEAN FISHES.
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Accipenser huso Beluga Great sturgeon.
sturio StoHunu Sturgeon. Ammodytes argenteus . .
.
Lussi White sand-eel. lancea Agugliattu Higgle. tobianus . .
.
Aguglia Sand-lance, or hornel. Anarrhichas lupus Pisci lupu Sea-wolf
.
strigonus ... Sarpananza Sea-cat. Argentina aphya Nunnatu Argentine.
sphyrsena Curunedda Spit-fish. Atherina hepsetus Pisci virgatu Mediterranean smelt, menidia Trotischeddu Grey atherine. presbyter Majetica Sand-smelt.
Balistes lunulatus Fanfra Crescent balistes. scolopax Pesce balestra File-fish. vetula Pesce sozzu Old-wife. Blennius alauda Durgannu Sea-lark. cornutus Mustia 'mperiali .
.
. Horned blenny.
galerita Bavusa cu tuppe . .
.
Crested blenny.
gattorugine ... Patuvanu Tom-pot.
gibbosus Tombarella Butter-fish. gunellus Gurgiumi Gunnel.
labrus Tordu bavusuni Guffer. mustela Bausedda Weasel blenny.
ocellaris Mesoro Sea butterfly. pholis Missuru Shan, or shanny.
physis Bavusuni Forked hake.
tentacularis ... Bausa ucchiuta Tentaculated blenny.
viviparus Gurgiuneddu Eel pout, or green bone. Callionymus dracunculus Velleiu Gowdie.
lyra Dragone marinu Skulpin.
pusillus Ampisciu Small skulpin. Centriscus scolopax Trurnbina Sea snipe, or bellows-fish. Cepola marginata Spirdottu Tape-fish. rubescens Signu di Salomone... Red snake-fish.
taenia Pisci barmera Ribbon-fish. Chsetodon paru Muolla Square chaetodon. vetula Ogiusa Sea-rabbit. Clupea alosa Saboga Shad. amara Aleccia Gipsy herring.
encrasicolus A nciova, or alici ... Anchovy.
pilchardus Saraca Pilchard.
siculus Cicirelli Sicilian whitebait.
sprattus Sarddla, or JSardina Sprat. Coryphtena liippurua ... Capuni Dolphin of seamen.
imperialis ... Pettinu 'mperiale ... Dorado.
novacula ... Pettinu, Razor-li>h.
200 MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY.
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Coryphaena pompilus . . . Lampuca Striped coryphene.
Cottus cataphractus Pogge Mailed bullhead. dracunculus Mustuzola Tommy Logge.
gobio Capo grosso Miller's thumb.
scorpius Pisci capone Sea scorpion. Cyprinus alburnus Donzella Bleak. auratus Pesci di oru Gold-fish. barbus Barbio Barbel. brama Mutzula ... Bream.
carpio Carpiuni Carp.
erythropthalmus Laccia Rudd, or red-eye. gobio Ghiuzzu Gudgeon.
jeses Capitano Chub, or jantling.
• leuciscus ATbula Dace, dare, or dai't. phoxinus Pisciulinu Minnow, or pink.
rutilus Pisci duci Roach.
tinea Ckeppia Tench. Delphinus delphis DelfiniC Dolphin.
orca Cetaceo Grampus.
phocsena Pisci porcu Porpoise. Echineis cidaris Ampvscia Sea turban. naucrates Smsapega Long sucking-fish. remora Pisci 'ntoppu Sucking-fish. Esox acus Cavanucci Lax.
belone Agugghia Gar-fish. lucius Cane di sciumi Pike, Jack, or Luce.
saurus Sauru Skipper.
sphyraena A luzzaru Sea pike. stomias Stomica Piper-mouthed pike. synodus Fra di man West India pike. Exocaetus exilien
s
Ancileddu 'mperiali Swallow flying-fish. volitans Saltatore Flying-fish. Gadus seglefinus Baccala friscu Haddock.
asellus mollis . . . Moncaru Groundling.
asellus varius ... Asnelli Bibb. barbatus Tavila Whiting pout. blennoides Mirruzzu duci Dorse. carbonarius Ciaula Coal-fish. lota Concunieddu Burbot.
luscus Munaceddu Miller's thumb.
Mediterraneus . .
.
Sazzaluga di mare . .
.
Mediterranean cod. merlangus Merlangu jancu Whiting.
merlucius Mirruzzu Hake.
minutus Pesci ficu Capelin, or Poore. molva Muncaru Rock ling.
. mustela Mustia Five-bearded cod. pollachius Vacchetta Whiting pollack. punctatus Asnellu Whistle gade. Gasterosteus aculeatus . . . Maccionu Banstickle.
. ductor Capitanu Pilot-fish.
MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY. 201
Latin Names. Sicilian- . English.
Gasterosteus pungitius . .
.
Spinarola . Lesser stickle-back.
• spinachia . .
.
Ispriotta Thorny stickle-back. Gobius aphya Gurgiuneddu Spotted goby.
bicolor Teurrazza Black-and-brown goby.
joso Gobbiu jancu White goby. melanurus Gobbiu pureddu Sea gudgeon. minutu s Urgiuni di fangu . .
.
Polewig.
niger Urgiuni niuni Rock-fish. paganellus Gorgionu Brown goby.
Gymnotus acus Ancidduzza Naked gymnote.
electricus Diavulicchiu Cramp-fish. Labrus Adriaticus Perciudda Basse. anthias Munacedda Holy basse, or barber. cappa Lappami Gold sinny. Cretensis Zigarella Cretan basse. cynsedus Pizza di Re Yellow basse. donzella Dunzedda Bergil. fuscus lodiolu Tawny basse.
• guttatus Turdu stizziatu Comber.
hepatus Lappanu saragu Liver basse. Julis AritAa, or Marabut.. . Rainbow fish. maculatus Menduredda Spotted wrasse. merula Turdu d'A rca Black labrus.
olivaceus Pettineddu Sea- wife. pavo Lappanu beddu Peacock labrus. psittachus Rucchia Parrot wrasse.
reticulatus Turdu arrocali Reticulated wrasse.
scarus Bricchese The scare labrus. tinea Verdaliddu Golden maid.
turdus Turdu Sea tench. venosus Serra Bloated basse. vetula Zittu Little sea-wife.
viridis Virdu Green labrus. Lophius Europeus Rannu di mari Toad-fish, or sea-frog. piscatorius Piscadrixi Angler, or sea-devil. Mugil auratus Daurinu Gold-headed mugil.
cephalus Malettu o cefalu Common mullet. labrosus Labronu Thick-lipped mullet.
saliens Flavetoni Leaping mugil. Mullus apogon Trigghia svarvata .
.
. Bearded mullet. imberbis Re di trigghia Beardless mullet. ruber Trigghia mangiadori Red mullet. surmuletus Trigghia di solu Sur mullet. Muraena anguilla Muragliunu Sharp-nosed eel. catenata Murenaficu Chain-striped murena.
conger Anguidda grongu ... Conger eel. Muraena Helena Murena nera Roman eel. marina Anguidda di mari..
.
Grig. myruH Suiiru Sea-snake. punctata Gargiuni Muroy.
202 MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY.
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Ophidiura aculeatum Nasoni Snout-fish. barbatum Calagneris o lissa . .
.
Bearded ophidion. hydrophis Bandiera niuri Water serpent. imberbe Culuri di mari Beardless ophidion. Osmerus eperlanus Tarantula Smelt. saurus Tammurru Lizard smelt.
stracion gibbosus Pesce luna Oyster-fish. hystrix Rizza Porcupine-fish. mola Papatundo Large sun-fish. nasus Pescesoddu Trunk-fish. Percaasper Serraina Yellow perch.
cabrilla Cabrilliu Smooth serranus. cernua Pizzuni Ruffe, or pope.
fluviatilis Ragnu vwraci Perch.
giber Boragie Hunchback perch. labrax Spigula Wolf perch, or basse.
lucio Percia stizzata Spotted perch. marina Percia grossa Bergylt. punctata Spimda Thorny perch.
pusilla Conaditu Dwarf perch.
sacer Tumulu Holy perch.
scriba Mulassu Learned perch.
telescopus Occhi grosso Large-eyed serranus. -umbra Umbrinu Dusky serranus. Petromyzon branchialis Lampernu Pride.
fluviatilis ... Alampria Nine-eyed eel. marina Papapixi Lamprey.
Pleuronectes flesus Piscipassera Flounder, or flook. hippoglossus Stocapisci 'mperiali Holibut. limanda Palaja di arena Dab, or saltie. maximus ... Rumulu 'mperiali ... Turbot.
passer Passera picciula Whiff.
platessa Palaja Plaice. rhombus ... Lupiddu Kitt, or pearl-fish. solea Linquata Sole. Raia altavela Amiema Finless ray. aquila Pisci aquila Sea eagle, or whip ray. aspera .- Pescilepre Shagreenray.
batis Cappuccina Skate, or maid.
bicolor Razza Trygon, or brett. clavata Picara pitrusa Thornback.
lasvis Liscia Slippery ray. marginata . . . ,, Miragliettu Small- eyed ray. miraletus Quattro occhi Homelyn.
oculata Occhiateddu Mirror ray. oxyrynchus Farassa Sharp-nosed ray. pastinaca Cadairu Sting ray, or flaire. radiata Pigara scappucina.
.
. Starry ray. rubus Pigara spinusa Rough ray. torpedo Pisci diavulu Torpedo, or cramp-fish.
MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY. 203
Latin Names. Sicilian. English. Salmo albula Cefalu Phinock, or whitling. eperlanus Sazzaluga "White smelt.
fario Troucia Trout. saurus Tammurru Sea-lizard. thymallus Ombrina Grayling.
trutta Trota russigna Sea-trout. Sciaena aquila Feguro Stone basse. cappa Tiligugu Maigre.
cirrosa Umbrina 'mperiali. .
.
Hairy sea-hog.
lineata Spatvla Streaked sea-hog. nigra Umbrina niura Black umbra. umbra Tristareddu Sea-crow. Scomber aculeatis Serviola Cross spine. alalunga Alalungu Albicore.
colias Scurmu 'mperiali . .
.
Spanish mackerel.
ductor Capitanu Little pilot-fish. glaucus Savrella Sea-green mackerel. pelamis Palamitu'mperiali... Bonito. scomber Scurmu Mackerel. thynnus Tunnu Tunny.
trachurus Swreddu Horse-mackerel, or scad. Scorpaena lutea Scrofaneddu Yellow sea-scorpion. porcus Scrofanu Porcine scorpama.
pristis Capuluzzu Sea-scorpion.
scorpius Mazzicni Father lasher.
scrofa Cepola capuni Sow-scorpion.
Silurua electricus Babbauru Sheath-fish. glanis Glannu Sly silurus. Sparus annularis Lappanu spareddu Grey pickerel. aurata Canina 'ndorata ... Gilt head. bobps Vuorpa Bull-eyed sparus. cantharus Ciuciastra Brown bull-fish. chromis Monacedda Maroon spare. dentex Dentici Four-toothed spare. erythrinus Pagedda luvaru Spanish bream, or rotchet. hurta Prau 'mperiali Fork-tailed spare. maena Minnula Cockerel. melanurus Macchiettu Black-tailed spare. mormyrus Ajula 'mperiali Mormyre.
pagrus Pagru Red gilt-head. salpa Scilpa Braize. sargus Saracu, or murruda Egyptian spare.
saxatilis Sparagghiuni Black rock-fish. smaris Minnula 'mperiali . .
.
Smare.
sparus Spargu Becker.
vetula Varatidu Black bream, or old wife. vulgaris Gujicidduzzu Braize.
Bqoalnfl acanthias Pisci scioccu Picked dog-fish. canicula Pisci cani Morgay, or cott-fish. carcharias Canuzzu White shark, or lamia.
204 MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY.
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Squalus catulus Rusetta Hound-fish.
centrina Gattu di mari Brown shark. galeus Nocivolo Tope, or miller's dog. glaucus Lupu di mari Blue shark. maximus Grossu cani di mari Basking shark, or sail-fish. mustelus Pisci palummu Smooth hound-fish. pristis Sia, or Sega Saw-fish. spinax Chelpu Lesser picked dog-fish. squatina Squadru Monk, or angel-fish.
stellaris Pisci tigrinu Spotted shark.
tiburio Magnusa Rock shark. vulpes Gaddolu Thresher, or sea-fox. zygama Marteddu Hammer-headed shark. Stromateus argenteus ... Lampuga Pampus.
fiatola Fiatula 'mperiali ... Striped stromat. Syngnathus acus Agujeddu Pipe-fish, or sea-adder. hippocampus... Cavaddu santu Sea-horse. marinus Trwnbettina Little pipe-fish. ophidion Qomwmk Sea-snake. typhle Pisci tialu Needle-fish. Tetrodon hispidus . Luna di mari Sea-globe. mola Pisci tammurru Sun-fish. truncatus Pisci tundu Oblong sun-fish. Trachinus draco Traccina Sea-dragon, or sting-bull
.
j ugulares Majai-u la rocca Weever.
vipera Aragnu Otter pike. Trigla cataphracta Pisci curruda Sea-rocket. cuculus Labhru russignu Red cuckoo gurnard.
gurnardus Gumardu Nowd, or grey gurnard. hirundo Fagiani 'mperiali .
.
. Tub-fish. lineata Pelunganu Streaked, or rock gurnard.
lucerna Tigiega Lantern gurnard.
lyra Gaddinettu Piper. milvus Tavia Yillock. volitans Pisci volatori Flying gurnard.
Uranoscopus cocius Cocciu 'mperiali Little star-gazer. scaber Papa cucctdo Bearded star-gazer. Xiphias gladius Pisci spata Sword-fish. platypterus Macairu Broad-backed sword-fish. Zeus aper Piscitariolu Boar-fish. faber Pisci di Pedru John Dory.
gallus Gaddu Silver-fish. luna Cetola Opah, or king-fish.
MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY. 205
II. THE PRINCIPAL CRUSTACEA, TESTACEA,
AND MOLLUSKS.
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Acalephae (varieties) Attaccaticciu mamma Sea-jellies. Actinia (varieties ) Sciuri di mari Sea-anemonies. Alcyonium bursa Borza marina Sea-apple. digitatum Cinque dita Dead-man's hand. epipatrum Penna marina Sea-pen.
ficus Fichi di mari Sea-lungs. — lyncurium Arancia di mari Sea-orange. Anomia caput-serpentis Capo di serpe Terebratula. ephippium Matmperna fausa . .
.
Saddle anomia.
vitrea Terra bratula Palermo terebratula. Aplysia depilans Leporina.. Coarse sponge. Area barbata Sponguli pilusi Bearded ark. navicularis Luntra Boat ark. Noae Spongulu Noah's ark.
pilosa Nuci pilusa Hairy ark. Argonauta argo Todari Paper nautilus. calcar Nautiliu shperoni . .
.
Spur nautilus. carinaria Firola Keel-edged nautilus. scafa Navicella Boat-shaped nautilus. Asteria (varieties) Stiddi di mari Star-fishes. Asterias aranciaca Ragnatelu Butt-horn. caput-Medusae . .
.
Stidda de Medusa ..
.
Shetland argus. ophiusa Stidda serpentara . .
.
Sand-star. ruben3 Stidda russigna Cross-fish. Buccinum echinophorum Castagna di mari .
.
. Purple whelk.
galea Brognu, or Vrognu Helmet-shell. gibbosulum ... Gdbbodimari Hunchback.
haemostoma ... Vocca 'manguinata Red-lipped whelk. sabarun Vrognu darina Grey casket. Tyrrhenum ... Vrognu 'mperiali ... Purple whelk. Burret. Bulla ampulla Gunfiata Obtuse dipper. carnea Vessica di mari Ovula, or egg. Cyprsea Velidda di mari . .
.
Common cowry.
hydatis Orecchiu Pillar-lip. lepida Squamosa Orange-coloured dipper. Cancer arctus Cicala di mari Broad lobster. astacus Gammaru di sciwmi Cray-fish. bernardus Diavulicchiu di mari Soldier crab. crangon Granciulinu Shrimp.
depurator Granciu di fangu . .
.
Cleanser crab. gammarus Grancm Lobster.
locusta Alausta Spiny lobster. maenas Granciu di rina Common crab. pagurus Granciu fudduni ... Hermit.
squilla Gammaru Prawn.
206 MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY.
Latin Names. Sicilian. English. Cardium aculeatum Galli spinusi Prickly cockle. edule Chiocchiolu a mangi a Common cockle, tuberculatum . .
.
Frutti d'arena Sand cockle. unedo Crocchiula'ncanalata Ribbed cockle. Cellepora spongites Spongia vitrosa Fragile hydra.
Chama antiquata Nuci di mari Sea-nut.
bicornis Ostrica monaca Sea-cabbage leaf. calyculata Chiocciola spinusa . .
.
Scaly clamp
.
cor Corn di vol Bull's heart. gryphoides Ostrica russigna ... Rock clamp.- Chiton aculeatis Scaglia spinusa Prickly coat-of-mail. fulvus Scaglia gialliccia . .
.
Tawny coat-of-mail. Conus Mediterraneus ... Ammiraglio Lake cone. monachus Cappuccinu Crown-shell.
rusticus Ammiraglio giallo . .
.
Olive.
siculus Cappuccinu beddu . .
.
Volute cone. Corallina acetabulum ... Sertolariu Sea-parasol.
fragilissima ... Muscu marinu Milk-white coralline.
officinalis AIga viva Vermifuge grass. opuntia Scuteddu di mari .
.
. Sea-kidney.
Cyprsea lota Ciprignu White tooth-shell. lurida Surriceddu Sea-mouse. moneta Ciprignedda janca. .
.
Black-man's tooth. pantherina Ciprigna stizzata ... Spotted cowry.
spurca Ciprigneddu Sea-louse. Dentalium artalis Occhi duru Lake tooth-shell. Donax irus Arceddu di scogliu. .
.
Rock Venus.
scripta Arceddu stizziatu .
.
. Solen, or razor-fish. trunculus Arceddu giarnusu... S< Doris argo Carciofu di mari .
.
. Sea-lemon.
stellata Carciofulu Speckled sea-lemon. Echinus cidaris Rizza a sfera Turbaned sea-urchin. esculentus Rizza carisa Sea-egg. purpureus Ficu d''India di mari Grey urchin. spatagus Rizza spatagu Hairy sea- egg. Flustra hispida Escara securu Sea-mat.
pilosa Milleporu White flustra. truncata Cervunu Foliaceous polype. Gorgonia antipathes Curadduniwi Black coral. coralloides Quraddu giallu Yellow gorgon.
flabellum A Ibero di mari Branched gorgon.
mollis Gramegna Coriaceous gorgon.
nobilis Curaddu veru True red coral. patula Curaddu schiacciatu Horny gorgon.
verrucosa Curaddu puorrosa... Sea-fan.
verticillaris ... C. Spezzatu Sea-feather. viminalis C. Salciosu Isis polype.
Haliotis bistreata Pateddu a doppie righe Ovate ear. lamellosa P. Sfogliatu Smooth ear.
striata P. Strisciatu Wrinkled eai\
MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY. 207
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Haliotis tuberculata ...... Pateddu reali Common sea-ear. Helix decollata Luraaca scapezzata .
.
. Sea-slug. lacuna Lumaca surcata Whorl. Umax Lippariddu Sea-snail. Holothuriae (varieties) ... Citriolu marinu Sea-cucumbers. Holothuria physalis Aretusa Portuguese man-of-war. tremula Tremante Fistularia. Lepas anatifera Summuzzaroli Duck barnacle.
anserifera Conca pedata Goose barnacle. balanus Ghiannaru di mari Acorn shell. costata Ghiannaru surcatu Ribbed barnacle.
pollicipes Ghiannaru murtipedi Cornucopiae. rugosa Ghiannaru grinzosu Wrinkled barnacle. tintinnabulum Ghiannaru sonante Bell acorn-shell. Mactra corallina Truogolu curaddusu Smooth mactra.
solida Truogolu marmoreu Ribbed mactra. stultorum Truogolu dipazzi ... Gaping tethys. Madrepora ananas Matripora ananosa Starry madrepore.
anthophyllum Matripora frondosa Simple medusa. cerebrum Pledra cervulosa ... Brain-stone. cyathus Tazza di nettuno . .
.
Saucer madrepore.
verrucaria Matripora caccia porru Little medusa.
virginea Matripora ianca White finger. Medusae (varieties) Ortica marina Sea-nettles. Medusa aurita Campanulu Sea-umbrella.
cruciata Medusa a croce White-cross medusa.
infundilatum . .
.
Medusa a imbutu .
.
. Sea-blubber. marsupialis Medusa a bursa ... Sea-purse.
noctiluca Ogghiu a mari Sea-Ianthorn.
pilearis Medusa pilusu Hairy blubber. pulmo Pwrmonariu Eight-arm medusa.
vetella Escariunu Naked-eyed medusa.
Millepora aspera Idra rozza Erect hydra. cardunculus ... Cardonu di mari ... Sea-thistle. cellulosa Idra a merlettu Lace polype. miniacea Millepora vermiglia Red hydra.
pumila Picciuna di man ... Shell-sucker.
reticulata Millepora a rete Porous millepore. tubulosa Idra maccaronaja . .
.
Parasite hydra. Murex cutaceus Buccinu pellicciatu Coated murex.
gyrinus Ranocchieddu Rock frog. melongena Pirulu Pear-shaped murex.
olearium Ranellu Oil-jar. purpura Buccinu purpureu . .
.
Purple whelk.
puso Vessigutu Wreath rock. Syracusanus Buccinu Sicilianu . .
.
Keeled rock. trunculus B. Truncatu Knotty rock. Myaarenaria Cardiau Sand gaper. truncate Ascidiu Toothed gaper. Mytilus barbatua Nicchia varvata Bearded mussel.
208 MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY.
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Mytilis bidens Nicchia a dui rente Double-toothed mussel. hirundo Rondinellu Swallow mussel. lithophagus Percia-pietra Burrowing mussel. rugosus Modiuli Furrowed mussel.
vilelia Nicchia a vela Sea-nettle. unguis Unghianatu Claw mussel. Nerita glaucina Naticao Blind nerite.
officinalis Yalxatu Snail nerite.
viridis Concha nivea Neritina. Ostrea crenulata Ostreca intaccata .
.
. Little oyster. edulis Crocchiuli Common oyster. lima Ostreca raschia Imbricate oyster. maxima Pettenu Scallop. pes felis Pettencuru Striated oyster. pusio Picciridda Long oyster. plicatula Ostreca torciuta Grey oyster. Patella atra Patedda niuri Black limpet.
caerulea Patedda turchina .
.
. Blue limpet
.
— crepidula Pianeddu Oval limpet. — flaviola Patedda gialliccia . .
.
Yellow slipper. — lacustris Patedda di lacu Ancylus, or bonnet. — mammillaris Frutta di mari Striate limpet. — nimbosa Fizzureddu Ovate limpet. — oculus Patedda ucchiatu .
.
. Goat's -eye limpet. pectinata Patedda erpicata . . . Wrinkled limpet. Pennatula antennina ... Pennuzzu Spotted sea-pen. grisea Lucioleddu Shining sea-pen.
mirabilis Pennuzzu filatu Filiform sea-pen. rubra Pennuzzu russignu .
.
. Variegated sea-pen. Pholas Candida Dattoli janchi Piercer. dactylus Dattoli di mari Piddock.
striata D. Strisciatu Ovate pholas. Pinna marina Lana conca Wing shell. muricata Lana spinusa Prickly nacre.
nobilis Pinnula Pearly nacre. squamosa Madre-perna scagliata Scaly nacre. sacata Saccone Sea satchel. Sepia loli go Calamaru Ink-fish. octapus Ottapedia Long-armed cuttle.
officinalis Siccia Cuttle-fish. sepiola Calamareddu Sea-pulp. Serpula echinata Verme spinosu Glabrous sea-worm.
glomerata Agghiuommeratu ... Winding sea-worm.
Sertularia abietina Pigna di mari Sea-fig. halecina Comu di JBove Horny polype. misenensis ... Acciu di mari Sea-thread, or bristle. myriophyllum Musca maritima . .
.
Leafy polype. pennaria Sciuru marinu Sea-tuft. thuja Celhdariu Bottle brush. Solen cultellus Cannulicchm Sheath, or razor-shell.
MEDITERRANEAN ICHTHYOLOGY. 209
Latin Names. Sicilian. English.
Solen ensis Cannulicchiu stortu Scimitar.
siliqua Conca niura ... Pod. Spondylus gsederopus ... Ostreca spinusa Prickly oyster. Spongia fasciculata Fasteddu di mare . .
.
Sea-bunch.
ficiformis Ficu spognusu Top-shaped sponge.
infundiliformis... Imbuto di spogna ... Sea-funnel.
officinalis Spogna comune Common sponge. tomentosa Artica marina Stinging sponge. Strombus clavus Brogniuni Trumpet shell. pes pelicani . . . Conca piegaru Cormorant's foot. tuberculatus . . . Conca torta Sea-screw.
Tellina cornea Foglia dura Pandora.
digitaria Arceddu Lucina. donacina Faccia di rosa Rayed tellen
.
gargadia Rematwu ... Toothed tellen. leporina Fimbriu Thetis. Teredo clava Verme di legnami . .
.
Clavated borer. navalis Vergale marina Ship- worm.
Trochus conulus Cunieddu Top-shell. divaricatus Stregone di mari .. Camisole.
perversus Cunieddu a manu manca Left-handed top. striatus Guscio di mari Channelled camisole. Tubipora flabellaris Nodo di mari Depressed nereis. pinnata A Icyone di mari Erect nereis. serpens Pietra sertolaria ... Tubular coral
.
Tubularia cornucopise ... Penna di mari Tubular coralline.
fistulosa Salce di mari Bugle coralline. indivisa Alga di vermi Grey tubularia. Turbo clathrus Curnicchi di mari . .
.
"Wreathed turban.
littoreus Lumaceddu Periwinkle. rugosus Occhi di S. Lucia . .
.
Screw-winkle. sanguineus Lumacedda russigna Purple wreath.
terebra Curnicchiuli Auger turban.
> turritella Turbu stortu Staircase-shell. Venus exoleta Bagatteddu Zigzag Venus.
tigerina Conca bedda Tropical Venus.
verrucosa Vongulu Rough Venus.
Voluta mitra Turricula granulata Mitral volute.
oliva Ruolo oliva Olive-shell. rustica La Trenga Cylinder.
tornatilis Tornuteddu Creeping olive. Zoanthus (varieties) Sciuri vivi Animal flowers.
PART III.
OF THE MEDITERRANEAN WINDS, WEATHER,AND ATMOSPHERICAL PHENOMENA.
§ 1. Climate of the Mediterranean.
Ancient \X7E are not here going upon the old geographical" parallels and longest -day divisions, by which theinner sea occupied nearly five of the ancient climates, butshall adhere to the general sense of the word climate as atpresent used,—namely, to denote the state of the countryas to changes in heat, moisture, winds, and other agentswhich sensibly affect our organs, promote the developmentof plants, and thus render the land fit for animal andvegetable life. Yet the Mediterranean is a large and variedspace to be thus included under one head ; since, besides thegreatness of its longitudinal extent, it includes a latitudinalspace of sixteen degrees—from 30° to 46°. So extensive aregion is liable to almost numberless variations ; for whileon its northern shores the vicissitudes are sudden andviolent, even hyperborean cold existing at certain seasons,the heat is all but inter-tropical in the south ; and though,as will presently be shown, its general salubrity is deterio-rated by malaria, this sea has ever—both from its atmospheric and geographical position—borne a high reputationfor a temperate and healthful climate.
Meteor- ^he vital importance of meteorology, as well to thelandsman as the sailor, has been acknowledged for ages;
yet the laws which govern atmospherical changes have not
METEOROLOGY. 211
received the full attention of investigation which human
interests require : before it has been more completely re- duced to a demonstrable theory, it cannot be ranked among
the positive physical sciences ; and for this it yet demands
a large accumulation of accurate and well-arranged facts. We are not, however, on this account, to suppose that we know nothing about the rare and elastic medium in which we live and move ; on the contrary, while Philosophy so long neglected her duty, Knowledge had been sufficiently
alert to render many persons to whom it was necessary, in a degree, weather-wise. It was therefore—besides our own
general use of the observations—with a hope of aiding
further inquiry into the properties of our wondrous envelope,
that I diligently registered the fluctuating phenomena as they occurred. These were my views upwards of forty years ago, when the inconstant and uncertain nature of wind made it seem impossible to reduce it to any certain
law, much less to connect it with the general movement of the atmosphere over the whole earth. In the more fickle latitudes this may be a labour of much time, since the
difficulties appear almost insuperable ; but the powerful
light thrown on the inquiry by monsoons, trade-winds, and
hurricanes, places the further explanation of apparent
anomalies within hope. The laws of atmospheric pheno- mena near the equator have recently been sufficiently
made out to afford reason to hope that the theory will, ere
long, be more nearly approached : the laws already ascer- tained are such an unexpected advance, and display such a regularity and order, as could scarcely have been looked
for in our times. With an earnest desire to strengthen the grand outline On my
means of then so indistinctly traced, I availed myself of the oppor- observa- tunity before me of substituting for prevalent impressions
and erroneous notions suggested by the senses, the more
exact and secure method of observation now so happily
applied. But though all possible pains were taken,
p2
212 DEFECTS OF THE REGISTERS.
our instruments were too few and deficient for theattainment of that accuracy which science now demands:
indeed, what chance had I in 1812 of purchasing perfectstate of in- barometers, thermometers, and hygrometers, when, in this' very year of our Lord 1852, Mr. Glaisher, of the RoyalObservatory at Greenwich, in a lecture read to the Societyof Arts, on the probable effect of the Great Exhibition inthe Crystal Palace in improving our mechanics, complainedthat his exertions in the cause of meteorology had beenchecked by the glaring deficiencies in the atmospheric andeudiometric instruments, and the present impracticabilityof procuring better? In the course of his address, thisable meteorologist quoted a communication made to himby the able Professor, W. H. Miller, of Cambridge,which is so much in point, that an extract must be heregiven :

Respecting barometers, Schouw discovered a remarkable law betweenlatitude and barometric pressure ; but nearly every one of the Englishobservations were doubtful, on account of the badness of instruments andneglect of data for reducing the observations, many of the observers havingused worthless instruments, in ignorance that better were in existence. Itried to verify this law of Schouw's by using various English observations. Six years observations in the Mediterranean, by Captain Smyth, Ireduced as far as I could ; but the labour was thrown away, because theinstruments did not admit of determining the errors, —that is, the error wasnot constant. Professor Chevallier, of Durham, had observed with a high-pricedbarometer for nine years, and that an observation should not be lost, hadinstructed the ladies of his family to observe. He tried to obtain the constant error by comparison with a barometer of my own, of Bunton's construction. The error was extremely variable ; he anatomized his barometer,and found that the error mainly depended on the hygrometric state of theatmosphere.
Observations made at Madras, for twenty -three years, by Mr. Goldingham, and printed in the East India Company's costly volume, are, for thesame reasons, worth less than nothing. Lieutenant Sullivan, R.N., madenumerous observations at the Falkland Islands, which, for the same reasons,are worthless. The same observation applies to Captain Fitzroy's observations at an important meteorological station—the neighbourhood of CapeHorn.
object of Still, for a right comprehension of the subject before us,Sster." it should be borne in mind that the material uses to whichI applied the barometer and thermometer—namely, for
ENDS OF MY REGISTRY. 213
correcting the refraction of the heavenly bodies in altitude,
and for watching atmospherical changes—were very fairly
answered : and though we shall return to the subject, it may at once here be emphatically stated, that the marine
barometer—with all its alleged defects— is one of the most
valuable of the boons which science has given to navigation. But I certainly had entertained hopes of being more
useful to abstract philosophy, being for some time unaware
of the imperfect graduation and other defects of the means
requisite for pursuing that object. Sicily, Sardinia, Malta,
the Ionian Islands, and Tripoli in Africa, were the points
of my chief experience ; and I considered that careful meteorological registers made at all the places visited,
would have afforded some normal points of utility to
inquiry. When my friend, Professor Miller, returned the Professor
; ^ J / . '
. ' Miller's six years' observations which he had kindly undertaken the discussion, drudgery of sifting, I was less surprised than disappointed
at the severe sentence above expressed ; and he added,

' 1 intended to compare your observations in the Channel
with the Royal Society observations contemporaneously
made, but was deterred by the account Mr. Hudson (the
Assistant-Secretary) gave of the careless manner in which
the latter were made at that time/
Yet, although defeated, my efforts were not abandoned ; My own and as that whole range of observations had failed, I deter- mined to re-examine those which were made after I returned to England in 1820, and procured a fresh supply
of instruments. In the usual way of obtaining the mean
height of the barometer, it is indispensable to the accuracy
of the calculation, that an equal number of observations be
obtained corresponding to winds from opposite directions. Now, this being circumstantially precluded, I proceeded
after Professor Miller's own method of treatment, upon my
register from leaving Sheerness on the 7th of August,
1821, to August the 2nd, 1824 ; by which process a more
214 BAROMETRIC ZERO.
satisfactory conclusion than his first was obtained. It is as follows :

The sum of 1049 readings of the barometer between the above-mentioned dates, reduced to the freezing point, is 31333*6 inches, and the sumof the latitudes of the places of observation is 38578° ; hence, dividing by
1049, we have

Mean barometer reading, 29*870 ; and mean latitude, 36° 46' 33". The observations were taken at 8h. a.m., to accord with the ship avocations. Now, according to Forbes, the diurnal oscillation is, in inches, = 0*1193
(cos. mean lat.) •§ 0*0149 inches ; and the pressure is at a maximum at
9h. a.m. ; hence one hour before the maximum being = one hour after it, there remain two hours to noon, or TVth of the daily oscillation to be
applied.Cos. lat 36,46,33 log. 9-903629 T\thof*1193. .= *0099 log. 8*000000
Nat. Num. . . . *008 == log. 7*903629 Mean barometer . . 29*870
Corrected to noon as 29*862 To correct this reading to the standard of the instruments in the Paris
observatory, we take the mean of 28 observations made on board my ship, the Adventure, at Sheerness, and on the way from thence to Falmouth, at 0° C, =29*826 ; and the mean of 28 observations made at Paris at 9h. a.m. on the same days, at 0° C, = 29*788. Now the pressure at the level of the
sea in the latitude at Paris, exceeds that at the level of the sea in the meanlatitude of the track from Sheerness to Falmouth by 0*015 inches, according
to Schouw; which, deducted from 29*788, leaves 29*773 ; and on the other hand, the pressure at the Observatory at Paris being less than at the level of the sea in the same latitude, we must add,

By Schouw . 0213"*! 29-986"*i which, deducted f- 16(n hence, the mean C= 30-022 Byltamond . -270 I 30-043 I from29-826,leaves I -217 I barom. in Mediter-I -079 By levels . . -222 [29-995 f the various defi-j -169 franean = 29861 cor- 1 '031 By other levels -282 J 30*055 J ciencies of . . 1*229 J rected by Paris bar. I -091
Conclusion As this process yields a mean =30056 nearly, I trust
thereupon. that general comparisons are afforded by my barometricconclusions : and they were constantly compared andmarked on diagrams with the oscillations of the sympiesometer, a very portable instrument, contrived, by means ofhydrogen gas and oil, to indicate most sensitively thechanges of the pressure of the atmosphere. The scales ofthe thermometers, though not perfect, were very fairly
divided, and we had the best that Dollond and T. Jonescould furnish. Our weakest point was in the hygrometer,one of De Luc's, for Mr. Daniell—my regretted friend and
MEDITERRANEAN METEOROLOGY. 215
successor as Foreign Secretary to the Royal Society, when Mr. Danieii. I was called into Wales in 1839—had not then promulgated his beautiful experiments on wet bulbs and dewpoints. Aware, therefore, that my means were short of the desired excellence, and relying on the diligence exerted
in watching them, I still think my meteorological remarks
will prove trustworthy to navigators, and perhaps to others

more especially as, in drawing up my general deductions,
I had the great advantage of access to the registers kept
by my excellent friend, the Abbate Piazzi, from 1791 to 1815, in the Royal Observatory at Palermo —near the
mid-latitude which I have assumed.
In my account of Sicily, published in 1824, I remarked Sicily, that ' The medium height of the thermometer is 62*5°, of the barometer 29*80 inches, and the annual amount of the pluviometer 26 inches. The thermometer in the hottest days rises as high as 90° or 92° (in the shade), and very
seldom falls lower than 36°, even in the depth of winter. The highest barometer index I have observed in very
serene * weather, and light westerly airs, was 30*47 inches ; and the lowest, in gloomy weather and south-east gales,
29*13 inches. In the year 1814, there were 121 overcast and cloudy days, on 83 of which rain fell ; 36 misty days

49 of very variable weather, and 159 fine bright days.'
Of Sardinia, my sketch of which was published in 1828, it Sardinia, is stated (page 79) that ' the island lies between the 39th
and 41st degrees of north latitude, and though the thermometer ranges from 34° to 90°, I found its mean temperature,
by a register of Six's thermometer, 61*7°; but this being the
average only in my cabin in the various ports and bays,
I tried that of a very deep and limpid spring (44 feet) near
Porto Conte, in a cavern 120 feet below the surface of the
* This word, in my Sicily (page 4), is unfortunately printed severe, but
the context will point out the error. Being absent from England during the time it was printing, I was prevented from seeing the proof-sheets.
216 MEDITERRANEAN METEOROLOGY.
earth, and found it to be 602°. The medium height of thebarometer appears to be about 29*69, the highest point I haveknown in it being 3040, and the lowest 29*20/ A furtherConclusions, scrutiny of my register leads to the general conclusion thatthe prevalent winds are from the west to the north, andthe next prevalent are from east-south-east to south ; andalso that the spring season is usually mild and balmy, withfrequent showers—the summers are sultry, with occasionalthunder-storms—autumn is warm and genial, with occasional rain—and winter, though fine at intervals, is at timesrainy, tempestuous, and humid. Such, indeed, may beassumed as the climate for the mid-latitude of the Mediterranean ; and the view will be more complete by showingthe monthly variation of the temperature for the meanparallel —an isotherm for comparison —as nearly as mytables enable me to carry it :

January . February March
April . . May . . June . . In addition to these deductions, it may aid the inquirerto see what may be deemed an approximation to the actualclimate condition of several stations of the MediterraneanSea, at very slight elevations above its level :

Max. Min.
. . 50-1 . . 44-3
. . 51-5 . . 46-0
. . 58-8 . . 50-7
. . 63-6 . . 61-0
. . 68-7 . . 64-0
. . 77-9 . . 67'6
Max. Min. July . . . 79-9 . .. 74-1 August . . 81-7 . . 76-0 September . 80-1 . . 73*5 October . . 77-4 . . 65-4 November . 69-3 . . 58-9 December . 60-5 . .. 49-7
Barometer. Thermometer.
Rain.
Inches. PLACES.
Max. Min. Max. Min.
Gibraltar . . . Marseilles . . Sardinia . . Rome . . . Sicily . . . Malta . . . Cepbalonia . . Constantinople Alexandria . Tripoli . . . Algiers . . .
30-90
30-55
30-40
30-28
30-47
30-39
30-32
30-38 30-16
30-25
30-28
28-62 29-04
29-20
28-73 2913
28-80 29-07 2916
29-42 2950
28-99
85-0° 79-2 90-0
82-5 91-0
90-2
90-5 90-0
91-5
92-5
86-8
46-8° 40-5
34-0 41-0
36-0
46-4
43-5
53-4 51-7
51-2
41-5
31-1
26-8
27'5
30-4 26-0
15-0
21-9
31-6
7-6 10-0
25-6
MEDITERRANEAN METEOROLOGY. 217
These figures afford a pretty fair estimate of the atmo- Remarks on spheric pressure and temperature of the Inner Sea, under
the unequal action of all the disturbing causes ; and in the
latter table, where I have availed myself of the contributions of friends, I have carefully eschewed the wondrous
but impotent conclusions derived from observations of a thermometer placed, as it is called, in the sun—a practice on which some of our countrymen abroad are apt to rely, not being aware that the heat thus marked by the scale is nothing more than that of the instrument itself, thus
exposed to the continued action of the solar rays. Nothing,
however, in meteorology, presents a greater uncertainty,
with the means as yet contrived, than the attempt at measuring the annual fall of rain in a given spot ; since so Annual much depends upon the nature of the gauge, the ability rain, and industry of the observer, and the height and exposure
of the place. Of this, a crucial example is afforded by the
registers carefully kept at Gibraltar for nearly half a century, wherein a range of the mean fall yearly is presented,
varying from 1416 to 62'87 inches in the least and greatest
quantities ; and we are assured that in the year 1796, when
the latter fall took place at Gibraltar, at Madrid—the
centre of an elevated plateau in the middle of Spain—the
yearly rain measured only ten inches. Such differences in places comparatively contiguous,* are not, as might be
expected, at all uncommon. The mural semicircle formed
by the Alps on the north of Italy, encloses a basin into which the warm southerly winds blow, and the effect is such, that while on the northern foot of those mountains
there are but thirty-five inches of rain, there falls an average
of fifty-eight inches upon the southern foot; and at Tolmezzo
in Friuli, in the south-east part of that curve, forming an
* The greatest annual fall on record is that at Sierra Leone, on the west
coast of Africa, which amounts to no less than 400 inches! Yet some of
the adjacent parts are comparatively dry.
218 THE TEMPERATURE CONSIDERED.
angle where the vapours accumulate, a mean of twenty-twoyears' registration gives ninety inches as the annual quantity, whilst the fall at Venice—only sixty-five miles to thesouth-south-west—is but thirty inches. A similar relation
exists with respect to the other mountain-chains of theMediterranean, where like causes produce, at certain places,
the fall of twice, or even a greater excess over the meanannual quantity,
stability of Imperfect as the above observations must necessarily
temperature, be, they will be undoubtedly useful in physical geography;and had Pliny given us similar numbers in his ' Cyclopaedia/ we should have had a range of 1800 years upon which to
discuss the questio vexata, as to an alteration of the meanheat on the shores of the Mediterranean. It is considered
as absolutely shown, that little or no change of the ordinary
temperature can have taken place in Syria during 3000years ; because the Israelites found the date and the vine
flourishing in Canaan, and they exist there still. My goodcorrespondent, M. Arago, insists that a trifling alteration of temperature would have destroyed one or the other of these fruit-bearing trees, since the vine will not ripen wherethe mean temperature of the year is higher than 84°, or the date flourish where it sinks below that degree. This
argument would be beautiful, as appealing to Nature herself where instrumental means are wanting, but his numbersare assuredly too high, since I found the date-tree flourish- ing exuberantly around Tripoli, under a mean thermometerof 75 "35° ; and its luxuriance in the neighbourhood of
Cairo is well known. I have no register for Cairo ; but onthe hypothesis that the climate of Lower Egypt may benearly inferred from its parallel of latitude, since there are but few disturbing causes acting on the atmosphere in that
valley, it may be considered as low as 70'56°, on Sir DavidBrewster's Brewster's formula, T=81*5 (inferred mean at the equator)
cos. lat. No one will hesitate to admit that the date-tree and the vine were simultaneously cultivated in the valley
THE TEMPERATURE CONSIDERED. 219
of the Jordan ; but assuredly no country is more broken
by mountain and plain. The date is not recorded as an
eatable fruit in Scripture, nor can it be proved that ripe dates were gathered and wine pressed on the same spot. It is now impossible to say how far we might have Absence of agreed with the ancients, or differed from them, had they
transmitted quantitative determinations to us, derived from
a systematic registration and discussion of the meteorological facts ; and in the absence of these, it would be very
unsafe to admit the vegetation of Italy as a natural ther- mometer, into rigorous argument, until we are positively
agreed as to the identity and place of the trees adduced.
The hypothesis, it is true, has recently been so ably treated by my friend, Dr. Kothman, as to be almost convincing ; Rothman. but the unanimous testimony of a host of classical writers,
the aspect of various localities, the greater mildness of recent winters, and the harvests being now somewhat
earlier than formerly, certainly lead to the inference that the south of Europe is much warmer than when Csesar
so carefully noted the changes of season. Of course the
meteorologist is aware, from the recent brilliant researches
into the condition of the earth as connected with the length
of day, that it is concluded the mean heat of the globe
cannot have diminished as much as -j-g-o-th part of a degree
of Fahrenheit during a period of 2000 years ; yet it cannot be decided how far local modifications may exercise local
influence. Therefore, without entering into an elaborate
discussion as to the grounds on which the above opinion was formed, I may at once state, that such is the impression
left by my inquiries ; and my views were strongly corroborated by the late Dr. Arnold, as reconciling some ancient Dr. Arnold, and modern statements respecting Greece. The facts advanced by history are substantial, the objections to them
all but mere inference : numerous tracts which were
abundantly fertile are now almost irremediably dry and
barren, and—whether from neglect of drainage and tillage,
220 ANCIENT TESTIMONIES.
or other causes—some districts which were tolerably healthyof old, have become so pestiferous as to be uninhabitable.A contrary opinion to this has been received, under theApennines, assumption that by stripping the Apennines of wood, thedegree of cold had been sensibly increased ; but a comparison of recent registers with those of the Accademia delCimento, proves that the temperature has scarcely variedfrom the time of Galileo,—that is, prior to the denudationof those mountains.*
Ancient re- The ancients distinctly speak of effects produced by theTTl3.rltS cold of winter in Italy, Greece, and Asia Minor, whichhave been in later ages unknown ; and the almost insupportable severity of the climate between the Euxine andHerodotus. Gaul is historically infamous, from the days of HerodotusOvid. to those of poor Ovid, whose dismal lamentations over hissufferings at Tomos are well corroborated by the septemassurgit in ulnas, the travelling on ice recorded by Strabo,and the pointed assertions of other writers. Both HerodoCasar. tus and Julius Caesar, however deficient in minute geographical accuracy, agreed with regard to the very materialand striking fact —of which there were then thousandsof living witnesses—that the winters in Gaul were mostrigorous, and that the rivers were at such seasons nearly all
Columella, frozen. Columella, the agricultural writer, who nourishedunder Claudius, and is the first author who speaks of vinesin Gaul, has this remarkable passage : ' I find that it is theopinion of many respectable authors, that the quality andstate of the atmosphere have been altered in the course ofa long series of ages ; for Saserna, in the work which hehas left on agriculture, infers that the state of the atmosphere is changed, because certain districts, which formerlywere incapable of producing vines and olives, on account* Means of ascertaining the temperature by instruments are, however,
truly modern, for the thermometer was only reduced, by the skill of Fahrenheit, to a correct standard in 1724, although it had been invented 135 years
earlier.
ANCIENT TESTIMONIES. 221
of the continued severity of the winter, now yield abundant
vintages and plenty of oil, by the climate having become
milder and warmer/ Whether this was the result of embanking rivers, draining morasses, cultivation of the soil, extirpation of forests, or of accidental causes, we know not

but it may be considered as a substantial fact. Our purpose, however, being to tell what can be gathered Roman
as to any alteration in the Mediterranean climate, it may
be as well to assume Rome as a starting-point ; and here we have the testimony of both naturalists and poets concurring upon the sharpness of their winters. Pliny the Pliny i. Elder

De Natura Coeli ad Arbores (Nat Hist, lib. xvii. cap. 2)—says that he who wishes well to his trees and corn
will desire that the snows may remain long on the ground :
' Alioqui vota arborum frugumque communia sunt, nives
diutinas sedere/ A passage in Pliny the Younger (lib. v. Pliny it. ep. 6), which aided Arago in estimating a mean temperature for Rome, shows that sometimes the bay-tree (Professor Martyns rendering of ' laurus *) was killed by the
cold of Italy ; writing from his Tusculan villa, he says,
1 The winters here are severe and cold, so that myrtles,
olives, and those trees which require continued warmth,
will not flourish here (aspernatur ac respuit) ; but it pro- duces the bay (laurus) in great perfection : yet sometimes,
though not oftener than in Rome, they are killed by the
severity of the seasons/ This passage is noted, though
somewhat incorrectly, by the Hon. Daines Barrington, in an investigation of this question which appears in the
Philosophical Transactions for 1768 ; and he adduces
Elian's chapter of instructions (lib. xiv. cap. 29) how to ^Han. catch eels whilst the water is covered with ice, as the
strongest proof of the Italian rivers being constantly frozen over : ' Now, if we may believe the concurrent accounts of
* The Laurel of the ancients was certainly the Laurus nobilis of Linnaeus our bay-tree, or common laurel, being a plum

Prunus Lauro-certums.
222 ANCIENT TESTIMONIES.
modern travellers, it would be almost as ridiculous to advise a method of catching fish in the rivers of Italy, whichdepended entirely upon their being frozen over, as it wouldbe to give such directions to an inhabitant of Jamaica/And certainly, from the result of my local inquiries, in the more temperate winters now experienced, the Tiber is never frozen over, and when snow falls, it lies on the
ground but for a few hours ; a duration of two days is held
to be a rigorous visitation.
Poetical In now summoning a poetical witness or two, we cannot
evi ence. j^ no^e ^at ^e opponents of this view object to the
evidence of such authorities, and impute their expressions
to the exaggerations of a glowing fancy. Aliowing someweight to the observation, it must still be admitted that
there must have been ground for assertions as to local facts and customs. Would Milton have made every shepherd
1 tell his tale/ had it not been customary to count sheep ? or would Gay have written Trivia without encountering
annoyances in walking the streets of London ? There canbe no sound reason why ' glacie currus frasnaret aquarum'virgii. of Virgil's application to the river Galesus, or the ' fracta
glacie' for the matutinal immersions of the Isis-stricken ladies of Rome in the Tiber, should be rejected as merelypoetical fictions, since they are collaterally corroborated. Now, Virgil is quoted as an authority in matters of husbandry, and he is constantly advising the farmers, throughout the Georgics, to guard their flocks and herds against the
ice and snow of the winters ; advice which no native poet
Horace. of the present time would dream of insisting upon. Horace,
who, it must be admitted, hated residing in Rome, hasvarious passages which allude to the streets of that capital as disagreeably impure # from snow and ice, as well as from* Dr. Hawkins (Medical Statistics), on the authority of ancient docu- ments, tells us that the mean term of life among the Romans was 30 years
:
among the easy classes in England it is 50 years.
PROBABLE DEGREE OF CHANGE. 223
noise and smoke. Nor must the testimony of Martial Martial. (lib. viii. ep. 14 & 68) be omitted, since, in advising the
protecting of plants against wintry frosts by placing them
in conservatories—for such must be his ' specularia/ which
1 puros admittunt soles, et sine fsece diem'—stamps a fact as to climate, and also intimates an early invention in the arts. On the whole, I cannot but repeat my belief, that the Considera- climate of the zone described may have become somewhat evidence, more temperate than it was of old, from some undiscovered
or local cause ; but both it, and the amount of its effect, are, in the utter absence of better data, more difficult to account
for, than it would be to explain why the abject subjects of Pio Nono differ so greatly from the energetic Romans
of the times of Scipio and Caesar. Such partial changes of climate are not out of record ; for in the Philosophical
Transactions for 1766, page 230, Mr. Bowles, Directorgeneral of the Mines in Spain, says, ' Eight leagues square
of this Upper Montana (near the source of the Ebro) is the upper
. . ... Montana. highest land in Spain ; the mountains rise in the atmosphere to the line of congelation ; I see snow from my
window (at Reynosa), the 4th of August, 1766, as I am
writing this letter. Some years ago there used to fall so much snow, that the people were forced to dig lines through
it, to go to church, in the winter ; but there has fallen little snow since the earthquake at Lisbon, and some years none
at all. I am persuaded it changed the climate of many
parts of Spain ; for no man living saw, nor heard his father say he saw, snow fall in or about the city of Seville, until the year 1756/ In a word, a few days of frost constitutes the severest winter near the isothermal line which I pro- pose to mark in the mid-latitude of the space here described ; and snow thaws along the coast in a few hours. It is true that there are records of the Adriatic's having Adriatic been sometimes frozen over at distant intervals, and of prodigious falls of snow north of the assumed line of heat

224 ON THE HEALTH OF ROME.
Deterioration of
climate.
Cicero.
Strabo.
but occasional incidents are only exceptions to the generalrule, and the climate must be pronounced to be generallydelightful and salubrious. The last word introduces another and a serious consi- deration. Whatever doubts may be thrown on a variationof the thermal force in these regions, there appears to bevery little, among the native physicians, as to a gradualdeterioration of the healthfulness of the climate : even here,
however, I shall take the middle course, for the essence ofa recent Italian work is to swallow every possible statementwhich favours the author's hypothesis, and reject whateverdisagrees with it ; and even in begging the question, a circuiusvitiosus damages the author's argument throughout. In his
effort to prove the salubrity of ancient Rome, a somewhattriumphant citation is made from the newly-discoveredfragments of Cicero De Republicd. Speaking of the happychoice which Romulus made of a site for his new city, theorator says, Locum delegit in regione pestilenti salubrem,from which it is inferred, that whatever ailed Latium, theair at Rome was always good. Now Strabo, a man less likely to be influenced by his imagination than this writer, assures us that the situation of the Eternal City was fixed by necessity, and not by choice ; and however muchhealthier it may have been than it is known now to
be, it is impossible to note the 'regione pestilenti ' abovequoted, the complaints of old writers, the recorded plagues,and the numerous temples, altars, statues, and medals tothe honour of Apollo, Esculapius, Salus, and Hygeia, withoutentertaining strong misgivings as to its former wholesomeness. As to the Campagna around, the pestilent nature ofMalaria.
the autumnal air in those days is notorious from the writingsof Strabo, Martial, Cato, Seneca, Galen ; and, among others,
Varro may be particularly instanced, from his havingadvised the proprietor of an unhealthy farm either to sell
it at any price, or else to abandon it. In the first chapter of this work, mention was made of
MALARIA. 225
the pestiferous nature of the air in many places ; and other
situations afflicted with a summer fever of such a distinctly
remittent type as to give plain evidence of the effects of malaria, are pointed out. Yet the subject is of such
frequent occurrence in treating of the Mediterranean
climate, that it is necessary, even at the risk of repetition, to return to it. And in order that my opinions may obtain
attention, I can here state, that although by a singular
blessing—considering my continual exposure—I never was
a day in the doctor's list while afloat, yet, from constantly
attending to the surgeon's daily reports on the sick,
examining into particular cases during my official visits to naval hospitals, and generally keeping my weather-eye
open, I was enabled to procure such an insight into these matters as a careful officer ought to possess. By this knowledge, and a proper attention to clothing, habits, food, Duty of and employment, men may often be preserved from illness by their commander; though, when disease has actually
made its appearance, the treatment must rest entirely with
the doctor. Among the inquiries which ought to engage
the attention of those who are officially placed in charge
of many people, surely those which tend to the preservation
of human life, and the increase of human enjoyment by
health, may justly claim pre-eminence ; * it therefore
follows, that while the captain's influence should be con-
* On publishing my descriptions of Sicily and Sardinia, I appended tables
relating to the air of all the towns and villages in those islands ; and in quoting the following eulogy on them from Dr. Macculloch's Essay on Malaria,
1827, page 368, I am prompted by the hope of inciting attention to so important a point, and not by the personal feeling with which they cannot
but impress me:—'Let me only further add,' he says, 'in gratitude to a
person without whose assistance I could not even have written what I have, that I am indebted to Captain Smyth for nearly the whole of that topographical information which relates to the shores of the Mediterranean ; while they who may choose to abstract that portion, will see that it forms the
greater part of the subsequent details. He is not a physician, it is true : yet if but one physician out of a thousand had observed as well, the entire geography of Malaria would not be now to write, and physic would be
relieved from a heavy disgrace which it deservedly endures for tlii:-' neglect.' Q
226 MALARIA.
stantly employed in the adoption of preventive means, thesurgeon should as diligently apply his knowledge of thecurative treatment required. And as it has been admittedby medical men, that marsh fevers carry off or disableone-fifth of the dwellers along the Mediterranean shores,our attention to such a scourge cannot be misplaced.
Nature of Although the effects of malaria are at last prettv wellMalaria. 7. . i known to our medical corps, its mysterious nature andorigin have never been hitherto unravelled ; and whetherit be an atmospheric agent, whether sulphuretted or carburetted hydrogen gas, or whether it be a material or anaeriform substance, is still unknown. Notwithstanding itis notorious for infesting rice and flax grounds, morasses,and stagnant waters, the febrific tendencies of which aretoo well known, malaria exists independent of marshes andrank vegetation, in barren and apparently arid places. Itmay possibly be influenced by the drying power of theatmosphere, or the energy of evaporation under localcauses, as expressed by the relation which the dew-pointbears to the temperature of the atmosphere. The effluviafrom marshes is presumed to indicate its presence ; buteven where a warning smell may exist, its cause should besought for, since it is as yet doubtful whether curing an efflu-vium of its scent also destroys its hurtful quality. Futurediscoveries may unveil the matter.
Singular That the vagaries of malaria, as evinced in effects whichdisplay but little affinity with each other, are at presentalmost inscrutable, is no reason for a neglect of observationand inquiry. We are told of towns where one side of astreet is infected, and the other not ; of streets in whichsome houses alone escape ; and even of barracks in whichsome divisions are healthy and others filled with sick men.But in these cases the anomaly is rather apparent than real
;
it may be owing to exposure of site here, or the prevalence ofcontagious disorders there. Sometimes the miasma has beenknown to rise from its marshy bed along the nearest side ofeffects.
MALARIA. 227
the adjacent uplands, infecting all that it passes over, though becoming so rarifled and dispersed as to lose its malignity at the summit. Over valleys the acti@n is some- what different ; during the summer nights, the exhalations
of the day are partly precipitated, and meeting those which
for some time after sunset try to ascend, the two baneful
gases concentrate. This is malaria of a most malignant
type, and will be more or less pernicious according to the
season of the year, and the predisposition of bodies exposed
to its influence. This unseen enemy is also wafted by the
winds to a considerable distance, contaminating the air of
places not otherwise unhealthy, the virulence depending on
local and aerial circumstances. As to season, it may be
considered to prevail from the summer solstice to the
autumnal equinox, when fevers, visceral complaints, and
general bodily derangement, mark its presence ; and it is even advanced by native physicians, that at such times
fatal epidemics among men, and epizootics among cattle, display, on dissection, the same appearances of inflammatory affection. The operation of malaria is not much Time of ,,,,.,. . n i
• operation. dreaded during day-time, since all the emanations are
dissipated by the solar beams ; evening causes more cases of
fever even than midnight, when the poisonous exhalation
is completely condensed upon the soil ; and hence those who sleep in the upper stories of houses are less liable to
disease, and take it in a milder form, than those whose beds
are on the ground-floor. The time of sleep seems to be
the moment of attack, as the debility of the body, and the
peculiar state of the local night-air, combine to aid the
effective reception of miasma : foulness of stomach excites redundant bile, and consequently lays the trap for fever,
but the remote cause assuredly exists in some of the volatile bodies in the atmosphere.
Plague, or pestilence, being but a capricious visitor to Plague, the Mediterranean, is only here named because its effects have been confounded in history with the ravages of Q2
228 MALARIA.
malaria ; yet, should a stray reader desire my opinion oncontagion, non-contagion, and quarantine, lie will find italready expressed in the United Service Journal, Nos. 49and 51. The misnamed plague which afflicted the Syracusanand Roman armies (Livy, xxv. 26), when the former, accord-ing to the historian, perished to a man, was the autumnalMalaria malaria which affects the fatal plain of the Anapus ; it wasmistaken r r > for plague. as deadly to the Athenians before Himilco's time, as I havesince known it to be to some obstinate sporting Englishofficers. When the French, under the luckless Yiscountde Lautrec, had overrun all the kingdom of Naples, exceptthe capital and Gaeta, by injudiciously encamping nearBaiae—a neighbourhood where causes of endemic fevers arenever wanting—their army was reduced from 28,500 to4100 men. A melancholy retreat was the consequence;
Marshal de Lautrec, the Prince of Yaudemont, and manyother persons of eminence, being among the victims. So afterthe battle of Tchesme (the Franco-Russ spelling ofChesmeh,i.e. spring), in 1770, when the Russians were masters of theArchipelago, and might therefore have chosen any porttherein, Count Orloff, in opposition to all advice, persistedin making Port Naussa, in Paros, the cantonment anddepot of his forces. And bitterly he paid for his obstinacy,in the death of the greater part of his soldiers and seamen,and the sickening of nearly all the rest; by which theobjects of that campaign were frustrated.*
conse- Under the colloquial term plague the cause of illnessof such was mystified, and men's minds were so misdirected, thaterror. ^e reai enemy was utterly slighted till nearly the present* Instead of the Empress adding Tchesme to OrlofTs name, —the whichwas rather due to Lieutenant Dugdale,—she should have stamped the brutewith Tarrakanoff as an agnomen. To show how little Orloff's disasterweighed with Hygeian tacticians, I will just mention that so late as the year1809, I served on the gi-and and powerful expedition to Walcheren, where,from precisely the same causes, we lost 10,000 men, inflicted thousands ofothers with pertinacious ailments, and utterly Wasted twenty millions ofmoney.
GENERAL HEALTHINESS. 229
day. In 1812, during our occupation of Sicily, three or four times, and by means of as many successive parties, was it determined to occupy a point between Cape Rasaculmo and the unhealthy village of Spadafora, in the
telegraph line between Messina and Milazzo ; nor was the
intention abandoned until thirty men had been destroyed
by malaria, against which the natives had warned the
officious staff-officer then holding his brief authority. Such
instances are truly deplorable, especially as I can distinctly
state that most of these places infected with malaria are well known to their respective neighbours, and by them
at once pointed out to strangers. Yet I have known of both naval and military officers treating such admonitions with incredulity, and even contempt ; and loss of life, or lingering illnesses, have been the consequence.
It is to be hoped that the hour of scepticism has passed,
and that our authorities have begun to learn that there
actually are pestilential spots which should be carefully
avoided. At least, if a commander who is made acquainted Captain's
1 responsi- therewith allows his want of vigilance, or contempt of bility- means, to cause a loss of life, that commander is not only
recklessly neglectful of his duty, but is also morally guilty of culpable homicide.
Still, with the exception of these scourges, the Medi- General terranean climate must be considered as highly salubrious ; of the °
m J } Mediter- and although, from possessing a more humid atmosphere ranean. than is generally inferred, it may not be so good for pulmonary disease as medical men have supposed it to be,
and its vicissitudes are trying to invalids, it is gratifying to know, by evidence which cannot be disputed, that the
highest degree of health is enjoyed by the British fleet on this station. In proof of this I shall here submit a
table which was kindly furnished to me by Sir William
Burnett, himself formerly Physician of the Mediterranean
fleet, and now Director-general of the Medical Department
of the Navy. It shows the sanatory condition, from official
230 OFFICIAL REPORT ON HEALTH.
Wilson's
report.
returns, the total number of cases of principal diseases andinjuries, with the ratio of each per 1000 of mean strength
for seven years, from 1830 to 1836 ; and is a tabular viewof the clear and elaborate report on the ' Health of theNavy/ compiled by Dr. Wilson.
PRINCIPAL DISEASES.
Total number of
cases in Seven Years.
Annual Total
ratio attacked died in per 1000 of Seven mean strength. Years.
84" 98
2- 42
31-3 54
7-2 12
2-5 13
5-1 105
2-6 3 133 18
1-7 22
1-1 6 49-9 —
26- —
71-2 6 222-9 101
Annual
ratio died per 1000 of mean strength.
Fevers Organic diseases of the \
brain j Inflammation of the > lungs J Inflammation of the
)
liver J Inflammation of the
)
digestive organs . . J Consumptive diseases
)
of the lungs . . .J Expectoration of blood Dysentery Malignant cholera . . Delirium tremens . . Syphilis Gonorrhoea ....
Ulcer Wounds and accidents
4,681 113
1,742 403
285
147 742
9664
,771 ,451
,969 ,415
1-8
•8 r
•2
•2 19
•3•41
•1 1-8
§ 2. Winds, Weather, and other Atmospherical Phenomena.
Nat
»^
e of TT7TTHOUT attempting a set discussion upon windsspheres. T » or air in action—it will not be out of place to state, that the recent meteorological investigations of Dove,Daniell, and Howard, have led to the conclusion that theearth is surrounded by two atmospheres, the relations ofwhich to heat are different, and their states of equilibrium,
from the unequal temperature of the sphere which theyenvelope, incompatible with each other. Hence arises a system of antagonist currents, gaseous evolution, andaction and reaction from the consequent different densities
PHENOMENA OF THE ATMOSPHERE. 231
and temperatures ; and while they are perpetually pressing
in opposition, the silent processes of evaporation, condensation, and precipitation, tend to equalize the temperature,
and govern the weather. In admiration of this development of design in such an imperfectly known department
of natural knowledge, the intelligent Mr. Daniell offers his Daniell. humble tribute of gratitude to a beneficent Providence

adding, ' By gradual but almost insensible expansions, the
equipoised currents of the atmosphere are disturbed, the
stormy winds arise, and the waves of the sea are lifted up ; and that stagnation of air and water is prevented, which
would be fatal to animal existence. But the force which
operates is calculated and proportioned ; the very agent
which causes the disturbance bears with it a self-controlling
power ; and the storm, as it vents its force, is itself setting
the bounds of its own fury/ On this principle, it must be
remembered that the winds, which are so sensible to us, are acted upon by agents on or near the earth's surface

which are usually parts of minor systems of compensation
as compared with the grand movement of the atmospheric
ocean in which ' we live, and move, and have our being.'
These are now the accepted premises, and from thence Remark,
viewing the diversities and vicissitudes of weather as being
in a degree amenable to the conformation and orographical mass of the countries surrounding the Mediterranean Sea, a few words on the subject may present, as it were, a working diagram of the principal mountain aspects to the
mind's eye. On the west of the Mediterranean are the lofty nioun- western tains of the Pyrenees and Granada, with the generally
elevated land of Spain, having obvious influence on the
continuity of the aerial currents which flow over them;
especially as the gigantic range of Mount Atlas is so near on the south, that meteorologically it may be deemed a
continuation ; while the high summits of Majorca, Corsica,
and Sardinia, aid the consequent action. Under so wide
232 INFLUENCES OF MOUNTAINS.
Central a scope, the centre of this sea presents a singular feature,in that the Alps and Apennines, as well as the branches ofHsemus and Pindus, must all be considered, de facto, to beparts of one and the same mountain range. The chainmay be assumed as beginning in Calabria, whence it passesthrough Italy, crosses the states of Genoa, and sweepinground Piedmont and the basin of the Po, extends downthe other side of the Adriatic, and so onwards till onebranch terminates in the marble cliff at Cape Sunium, andthe other in the Balkan, on the shores of the Black Sea.The aerial connexion is doubtless carried over the highlands of the Morea, which end in the abrupt steeps ofEastern Tsenarus. On the east side similar influences are exertedby the Caucasus and Taurus ranges, with Mounts Athos,Ida, Takhtahlu, and Lebanon ; together with the elevatedpeaks of Candia, Cyprus, and other islands of the Levant.Now the great bases of climature are formed by latitudeand local elevation above the sea. The determination,therefore, of these two elements will go far towards answering these questions. It is fully established that the decre-ment of heat increases as we rise in the atmosphere ; and thatit augments gradually with an accelerating progression, till the commencement of congelation in each latitude. Byageometrical investigation of the difference of density pro-duced by the changes in the air's temperature, the gradationof effect is clearly traceable ; and it follows that, as the mountain-chains on each side of the Mediterranean lie betweenthe latitudes of 30° and 47° north, the snow-line—or lowerlimit of perpetual congelation—can vary only from about11,000 to 7,000 feet—a conclusion which, though deducedtheoretically, is found to coincide with the result of actualobservations wherever they can be obtained.
Result. Such being the broad feature, some of the resultingmeteorological changes may be accounted for, or evendetermined, however remote we may yet be from a powerof fully investigating these causes and effects. One fact,
WATCHFULNESS IS REQUIRED. 233
however, has accrued from inquiry —namely, that the
temperature is more equable on the shores of the Mediter- ranean than further inland ; and some of the prevalent
winds may almost be prognosticated. Still, such is their
fickleness as concerns direction, force, change, and temperature, that a complete cognizance of the laws which regulate
their course might be despaired of, but for the conviction of there being nothing fortuitous in physics ; this, added to the splendid results reaped by inquiry into the equatorial
winds, leads to a hope of our one day knowing something more about the differences of aerial temperature beyond
the tropics, and whether the winds in the Mediterranean
zone are the results only of currents thrown off from warmer regions, not subject to any especial law. Leaving these matters to time, we will proceed to state Remark, a few of the acknowledged facts ; from which it will be seen
that the caution and watchfulness of the sailor are as neces- sary in the Mediterranean as in other seas. It is true that
fine weather is there predominant ; but, fortunately for the welfare of the surrounding population, that sea is not
quite the placid inland lake lauded by the strains of certain
poetasters. Those who expect to find it constantly serene
will therefore be disappointed, and, as they ought to have
known better, will meet with no commiseration.
The most prevalent winds in the Mediterranean are prevalent those which blow between west round northwards to northeast, as they occur with little intermission for nearly twothirds of the year ; and pretty constantly so in summer.
In February, March, and April, the south-east and south- west winds prevail, but their character varies greatly with
the locality, and even their true course and velocity have
hitherto been registered with palpable laxity; and in speaking of leading winds it is not unusual, instead of naming a rhumb, to term proceeding from Gibraltar east- wards, (joincj up the Mediterranean, and from the Levant
to Gibraltar going down. In this region, although the
234 OUTSIDE THE MEDITERRANEAN.
general characters are not dissimilar, the winds are certainlymore diversified in circumstance, consequence, and localpeculiarities than in the more northern parts of Europe;
they may, therefore, have led to the ancient notion thatAncient climates—strictly, with old geographers, a tract of the earthdefinitely-bounded in latitude—were also amenable to theinfluence and power of a consequent atmospheric temperature. As they rule so largely the navigation of the innersea, I endeavoured some years ago to call the attention ofseamen to the importance of studying their fluctuations, asindicated by the marine barometer. In the abstract whichI then made from my memorandums for insertion inour professional work, the United Service Journal, theremight be little perhaps that was positively new; but itwas given out as a link in the chain of evidence to showthe reliance which may be placed on that unerring monitor.The following account will therefore be, in some degree, amere expansion of that essay both in style and matter :
winds out- Between the Capes of St. Vincent and Spartel, thestraits, south-west winds are the most disagreeable ; a violentone is sure to be denoted by a depression of the quicksilverin the barometer. These gales were greatly dreaded inthe late Spanish wars by inexperienced navigators, who,from not knowing how they came on, frequently fell intodifficulties. They are always precursed by a long hollowswell, generally commence with a breeze between southand south-south-west, from which point it continues toblow for five or six hours, although the sea sets from thewestward. It was too common for the cruizers beforeCadiz, unaccustomed to that bight, to have their mindsimpressed with the danger of the shoals of San Lucar,which were then exaggerated as very alarming. Under' this apprehension they were induced to haul their starboardtacks on board, and push for the Strait of Gibraltar, whereasthe real danger lies at the entrance of this Strait, and con-
THE SOLANO. 235
sists of shelves and reefs with soundings so uncertain as not to be depended upon at all. On the other hand, bystanding to the westward on the port tack at the announce- ment of the gale by the mercury, while the wind is from
the southward, a gaining westerly board may be made,
lee-way included. The outer harbour of Cadiz, where the allied squadrons a soiano at Cadiz. rode during the siege of that city by Marshal Victor, is greatly exposed to the waves thrown in by the westerly
winds. But the hardest gale of the neighbourhood is the
Solano, or Levanter of the Gibraltar pilots ; which, although
it comes over the land, is so violent as to justify the Portu- guese proverb which makes the gravel fly before it

Quando con Levante chiove, las pedras muove. This wind
is preceded by a peculiar haziness and clammy humidity,
as if owing to a diminished atmospheric electricity; the
air is encumbered with the cirro-strativeness of the wanecloud ; and the mercury in the tube gradually sinks. Meanwhile, parasitic clouds, as they are termed by meteorologists, cap the hills of Medina Sidonia, and the atmosphere becomes raw and bleak to the feelings. The
apparently stationary clouds are, in fact, the result of a
descending storm of dispersion, for instead of being sta- tionary on the mountains, they are formed and redissolved every instant ; the vapour being precipitated by the arriv- ing current, and dissipated in the departing one. The
soiano now sets in from the east-south-east to the southsouth-east, for it is not the true Levanter of Mediterranean seamen ; the one so named, inside the Strait, blows directly
from the east, freshens as the sun rises, and lulls as he
declines—being generally at the maximum about noon. A very notable soiano occurred on the 27th of March, 1811,
when the Milfovd's barge, of which I was accidentally in charge, unable to face it even with her well-appointed
crew, was only rescued from being driven off to sea, by
passing astern of the Undaunted frigate, the outer ship in
236 THE SOLANO.
the bay, where her commander, the present Vice-AdmiralRichard Thomas, had veered out hawsers—per signal fromSir Richard Keats—for us to get hold of. On the morningE
the
C
Soi°ano. of tlie ^8t^ tlie Wpresented a singular scene of tumultand devastation, with signals of distress flying in all parts ; spars and merchandize floating in every direction. It wasfound that fifty-three trading vessels were wrecked onthe rocks and under the walls of Cadiz during the night,and that upwards of one hundred more were damagedcrews for the most part saved. Had not this gale beenprognosticated, and in some measure provided against bystriking lower yards and topmasts, bracing to the wind,freshening hawse, and getting everything snug, the conse-quences might have been serious to the men-of-war as wellas to the merchantmen ; but except the sinking of four gunboats inshore, and the driving of two or three vessels tosea, the English squadron sustained no injury. One of thevessels thus forced from her anchors into the offing was theBasilisk, a gun-brig, to which I was taking aid in thebarge, though unable to fetch her, from the combined forceof the wind and sea, as above described.
St ™
olL,. 'That the winds in the Strait of Gibraltar blow eitherGibraltar. from the east or west points of the horizon (technicallytermed down or up) in general, has been immemoriallyremarked ; and the conformation of its coasts on both sidesrenders the reason palpable. Of these winds, the east isthe worst and most violent, being often the cause of muchinconvenience in the^bay, from its gusty flaws and eddies,besides its always being found raw and disagreeable onshore : hence, Senor Ayala, the Spanish historian of Gibraltar, terms the east wind the ' Tyrant of the Straits/ andthe west their ' Liberator/ A strong Levanter, in December,1796, fell heavily on the British fleet at Gibraltar, notonly rendering them powerless spectators of Vrlleneuve'ssquadron running through the Strait to the westward in
WITHIN THE MEDITERRANEAN. 237
safety ; but it was also nearly fatal to the Gibraltar, 80,
and Gulloden, 74, while the Courageux was driven from Loss of the
. . (, Courageux. her anchors, and the wind increasing to a perfect hurricane,
with a dense fog, she was forced against Ape's Hill, on the
Barbary shore, where she was dashed to pieces, and 465 of her crew perished. Many remarkable gales, productive of great wear and tear of ground tackle, occurred while I was on the
station, of which, perhaps, one of the most mischievous was
that which happened early in 1822, when upwards of forty
vessels were driven on shore, and the new mole at Rosia
Bay—constructed at a great cost—was nearly washed away.
In this storm many lives were lost at Leghorn, and the
harbour and piers of Genoa were seriously damaged.
Within the Mediterranean, the predominant breezes Weather
withinthe are, as above said, from the north and west quarters, except straits. in the spring, when south-east and south-west ones prevail

but their duration and strength are extremely uncertain
about the period of the equinoxes, at which times the wind
seldom changes suddenly without an accompanying fall of
rain, or, at all events, the formation of rain-clouds ; for it rarely happens that the new wind is of the same degree of heat as the one it has superseded. Such changes are frequent in the spring; and the local pilots entertain a
notion, that vernal storms which commence in the daytime
are more violent, and of longer duration, than those which
spring up in the night. Be this as it may, I can, from a
long and careful practice, assure the circumspect navigator, that no very perilous weather is likely to assail him without
his being sufficiently warned ; yet, as the barometer does
not usually vary more than a few lines, even to pretty sharp
gales, careful attention is required to mark its indications.
It may, however, be laid down as a general rule, that when- prognoses, ever the mercury subsides so low as 29*40 inches, severe weather may be looked for ; especially if accompanied by
dark globular clouds in masses, or when a gloomy haze
238 USES OF THE BAROMETER.
encumbers the sky after serenity.* So far, in fact, didthis conviction aid me, that during the last three years ofmy commanding a ship in that sea, by attending to mysilent monitor, and arranging accordingly, I never once hadoccasion to turn up the hands in the night : besides thecomfort and regularity thus bestowed on the crew, thosewho have toiled in contrary and vacillating winds willreadily estimate the confidence with which an officer isinspired when watches are relieved at their regular hours,recruited both in strength and animation, and cheerfullyready for whatever may betide. But the ease thus affordedto the people is not the only benefit of importance renderedby the marine barometer, for its saving to government inexpenses of wear and tear is great ; insomuch that, in re-porting my arrival at Spithead, in October, 1824, to theh.m. ship Admiralty, I expressly said,—' It is with great pleasure IAdventure. am able to add, that though, from the very nature of mymission, I have been obliged to hang on lee-shores, andshoals, and coasts little known, and therefore avoided byother navigators, this service has been effected, not only* Among Mediterranean prognostics worthy of being rescued from con-tempt, two or three may be cited : —Small clouds increasing prove that theirweight prevents their rising in the air, and therefore denote rain ; whilelarge clouds decreasing, being obviously under dissipation by solar heat, orwinds, assure us of fine weather. Therefore, as their ragged aspect showsthe process of condensation, the cirro-stratus and nimbus clouds invariablyannounce rain ; an uncommon twinkling of the stars denotes humidity ; asteadiness of the stars, and patches of haze, dryness. The rising or settingsun tinging the air with yellow, indicates vapour ; and the atmosphereassuming a reddish tint, serenity. A lunar halo, coloured near her, is sig- nificant of great humidity ; and a cloudless night, unaccompanied by heavydew, betokens fine but sultry weather. Small masses of Cumuli, withdetached flaky clouds, mark settled weather and warm winds ; the elegantcirrus shows approaching change; while Cumulo-stratus, with detachedblackish and irregular clouds, precurse variable weather and cold winds.Lightning near the horizon without thunder indicates wind from the opposite quarter ; and the same from high clouds announces fine weather. Thewater in port being unusually clear, so that the bottom is seen in several fathoms, prognosticates the approach of a hard gale ; as does also a diapha-nous atmosphere. It is, however, difficult to catch the characteristics with-out experience in observation.
THE COAST OF SPAIN, 239
without the Adventure's having touched the ground, but
without the loss of a spar or sail, or cable or anchor/
Proceeding up the Mediterranean by the coast of Spain, Weather on we find a climate which in summer is usually fine and dry, of Spain, with the advantage of freedom from rain and humidity—if that can be deemed advantageous, where a cloudless sky
occasions scorching drought, to the injury of men, animals,
and vegetation. In the winter, the flaws and gusts of wind
from the mountain ranges are often furious : and this impetuosity is severely felt in the vicinity of the Pyrenees, at the
eastern bases of which I have observed some very remarkable weather-worn rocky steeps. The south wind seldom
blows on these shores, except in the winter season ; at which time the south-west gales, called birazones, send in a great sea along the coasts of Andalusia and Granada,
where it blows dead on the shore. But a singular change
is known to occur here ; for frequently, in arriving at the
coast abutment called Cape San Martino, which divides
Murcia from Valencia, a ship running free before a westerly
wind there encounters another from the north or north-east, often blowing fresh. Along these shores, and especially those of Catalonia, the ' sea-fret/ or dense mist generated on
the ocean, precurses the easterly winds which drive it in, and occasions lassitude both to animal and vegetable life. When this first appears, ships at anchor should look to their ground-tackle, and those under sail should gain an offing.
Gales from the north-east, easterly to south-south- east, Gulf of Valencia. are teasing along the shores of Valencia and Catalonia;
though by attention it may be foretold when they are coming
on, sufficiently so for the adoption of precautionary measures. Thus, for example, when, with a sluggish barometer,
the horizon is overcast in those quarters with thick, whitish
clouds—partaking of both cirrus and cirrostratus, and
passing eventually to the nimbus form—it may be consi- dered that the wind is about to blow from those points of the compass : and it may be recollected, as a scale, that
240 MELPOMENE'S GALE.
towards the mean Mediterranean latitude the heavy summerclouds are from about 500 to 700 feet above the sea. Thecommencement of such a breeze is usually from the east-ward, and moderate, but it freshens as the wind draws roundto the south-east, and then blows very violently, withaheavy sea rolling on-shore, insomuch that an embayed shipwould find it difficult to claw off. A specimen of suchagale upon this coast may be given from the journal of thepresent Bear-Admiral Lovell, who was a lieutenant onh m ship
J30arci H# m. S. Melpomene, of 44 guns. This ship wasMelpomene. 4
•' ° x despatched from off Toulon, in company with the Orion74, the Endymion frigate, and the Weazle sloop-of-war, in . quest of a squadron of frigates under the com-mand of Jerome Buonaparte, which was reported to haveleft Genoa for some Spanish port. Our force parted fromthe fleet under Lord Collingwood on the 8th of December,1805, and off Barcelona, on
Sunday, the 15th, at 9 P.M., cauie on a most tremendous squall, withthunder, lightning, rain, and sleet; clewed all up. At about 9 15, themain-mast was struck by lightning ; the fluid exploded by the pumps, andhurt an officer (Mr. Lovell, then Badcock), and a sailor. Monday, the 16th, wind more moderate and steady; examined the mainmast, found it severely splintered in many places, particularly about thehoops and in the wake of the trusses, where copper had been nailed on. Stoodtowards Barcelona, in hopes of rejoining the Orion. Tuesday, the 17th, at 9 a.m., wind in heavy gusts from the north, whichveered round with much fury to east-north-east, the sea rising all round us, and striking hard under the counter, with water-spouts and flashes of light- ning in every direction ; furled all the sails, and prepared for another gale
;
at 11, a very heavy sea pooped us, stove in the dead-lights, and filled thecabin with water ; p.m., the wind increased to a perfect hurricane ; at 1, theship was struck by lightning, and the main-mast much hurt; at 2, mosttremendous squalls, with continued rain, thunder, and lightning ; the stormstay-sails blew to atoms, the ship entirely unmanagable, and whole seasbreaking over her. The rudder head gave way, chocked the rudder, andsecured it with the pendants. At 3*30, the main-topmast went in threepieces ; and at 4, both the rudder-chains gave way. At 6, a man fell fromthe fore-yard on the best bower-anchor, but was not killed. All the pumpsobliged to be kept constantly going.
Wednesday, the 18th, wind veering in gusts from north-east to east- south-east ; the quarter-boats were stove ; found the rudder gone fromthe stern-post. At 10 a.m., the carpenter reported the main -mast' sprung a few feet above the quarter-deck, p.m., the sea mountains high
;
THE GULF OF LYONS. 241
got a cable from the stern with hawsers, &c, and struck the mizen-topmast, but found it impossible to wear the ship. Thursday, the l§th, more moderate, with a heavy swell ; employed in making a Pakenham's rudder. Saw the Colombretes, two points on the lee bow, distant five leagues. Made all sail on the fore-mast, in hopes of wearing, as we were drifting bodily down on those rocky uninhabited islands. Finding she would not wear, anchored with a spring on the cable, in sixty fathoms. At midnight, tremendous squalls, with thunder, lightning, and
rain.Friday, the 20th, at 1 A.M., found the ship driving, cut the cable and
spring, set the storm stay-sails and foresail ; saw the islands west-south- west ; the ship would lie no higher. No chance remained of saving a single
life, when the wind shifted in a dreadful squall, and allowed her to lie up
south-east for forty minutes, which put us clear of danger, p.m., succeeded
in shipping the rudder, and found, to our great joy, the ship once more
under command. The coast of France forms a deep bight between the Coast of Pyrenees and the Alps, which from its gusty turbulence, even in the summer months, has been immemorially designated the Gulf of Lyons. Here, when a breeze springs up
in the afternoon, and freshens as the' sun goes down, it may
be expected to blow strong at midnight. Hard gales are sometimes preceded by a heavy swell and surf, in character not unlike the rollers of the South Atlantic Ocean, though
of inferior volume. In this notorious gulf, so proverbial for the treachery of sudden anemological changes, I have weathered some tough gales; and can therefore render personal
testimony to the violence of its squalls, and the furious
ebullition of its waters : of which recorded instances are numerous. In March, 1795, a French man-of-war, having French received rough treatment in the conflict, or rather affair, with war. Hotham, off Genoa, parted company from Mons. Marten,
and falling into the Gulf of Lyons in a violent gale of wind
from the south-east, which chopped round to west-southwest, was quickly dismasted, and nearly torn to pieces ; here
she lay so utterly prostrate for six days, that, had one fallen in with her, she must have surrendered to any of our atten- dant frigates or sloops—nay, even the Fox cutter would
then have been an annoyance. It was in this gale that we
lost the Illustrious, a fine 74, which had received great The niustrious. R
242 THE GULF OF LYONS.
damage in the recent battle in the Gulf of Genoa; forhaving struck the shore, and there being no hope of savingher, she was abandoned and burnt. Every seaman, will recollect that on the 22nd of May, 1798, Nelson was assailed bya sudden storm in this gulf, which carried away all theThe van- Vanguard's topmasts, broke the foremast into three pieces;
sprung the bowsprit ; washed a man overboard, killed amidshipman and a seaman, and wounded several more.This ship, which acted her name at the Nile only twomonths afterwards, rolled and laboured so dreadfully, andwas in such distress, that Nelson himself declared, ' themeanest frigate out of France would have been a veryunwelcome guest!' And in the winter of 1808, whenhis true and tried associate, Lord Collingwood, wasThe ocean, blockading Toulon, with his flag flying on board the Ocean,a roomy new 98-gun ship, he was assailed by a successionof hard gales. In one of these gales, that noble three-decker was terribly crippled, and so nearly lost, that I heregive the words of a spectator, Captain Fead, who thus wroteto me in August, 1845 :

I was standing on the Royal Sovereign's forecastle, and at the same timelooking at the Ocean, which was then about half-a-mile on our lee bow. andon the starboard tack. At that moment she was struck by a very heavy sea,which threw her nearly on her beam-ends, so much so, that several of ourmen called out, ' The Admiral's gone down !' But in a few seconds I hadthe pleasure to see her right again. We understood afterwards, that theblow completely disabled her ; and that nearly all the bolts of her iron kneeswere broken. It was the most awfully terrific scene I ever beheld LordCollingwood told Admiral Thornborough, a short time after, that he thoughtthe top-sides were actually parting from the lower frame of the ship; andthat the heavy guns were suspended so nearly vertical, that the effect wasalarming. This happened in December, and we must have been about themiddle of the Gulf of Lyons, with the wind at north-west. wind and One of the peculiarities of this gulf is the sudden risingof its waves, and their attaining a size not at all proportionate to the strength of the winds. Both their amplitudeand elevation are greater than would be considered toresult only from the action of the wind on the aqueousparticles ; and their increase under a gale cannot be re-
WEATHER OFF TOULON. 243
garded as uniform. The absolute height of these waves, from Height of the trough to the crest, in severe weather, cannot be much
less than thirty feet, even close to Provence, where Count
Marsigli pronounced that, ' in a very violent tempest/ they
only rose to seven feet above the natural level of the sea. The waves of the Mediterranean, in general gales, may be
estimated between fourteen and eighteen feet in height,
and are often, from want of range in some parts of the
short seas, called c chopping/
Towards the close of the war, many ships of our Toulon Fleet off fleet were struck by the electric fluid, while cruising off g^.
Cape Sicie ; among which those fine three-deckers, the
Hibernia, the Ville-de-Paris, the San Josef, the Union,
the Ocean, the Barfleuv, and the Royal George; which,
together with several of the two-deckers, besides having men hurt, received very considerable damage in gear and
spars, between 1811 and 1814. In the beginning of September, 1813, Sir Edward Pellew anchored off the mouth
of the Rhone with thirteen sail of the line, and there
watered ; but they had to ride out a very heavy gale of wind, with two cables an end and topmasts struck. Of
this blockading force, about one-half were damaged by
lightning, and at least five ships were obliged to shift their topmasts. This gale commenced from the south, and sent
in a heavy sea, but on the 10th it blew violently from the
north, and then the water was comparatively smooth ; so
far, therefore, it may have been considered a veering storm

but though some other Mediterranean gales within my Rotatory experience approximate even nearer than this towards the
rotatory theory, the subject has not yet been properly dis- cussed. That able and active meteorologist, Colonel Sir William Reid, the present Governor of Malta, is, however,
at his post, and an extract from a letter which I received from him, dated Valetta, 8th of January, 1853, is satis- factory :

r2
i;
244 ROTATORY SYMPTOMS.
Sir William I nave n0* been altogether neglecting observations on the winds since I Reid. have been in Malta, but I am obliged to give my mind to my official dutiesalmost exclusively. I shall send some of the local newspapers, to show youthat they now report the weather daily. There is, doubtless, much unknown to us; but I have seen enough tosatisfy me, that the storms here are progressive and revolving, as in corre- sponding latitudes elsewhere. On the 1st of February, 1851, there was awhirlwind storm of vast diameter, extending from Sardinia to Syria, whichmoved towards east-north-east, and, I suppose, came from Africa. My second work, entitled The Progress of the Development of the LawofStorms, is being translated into Italian, and is now half printed. Whenpublished, I hope we shall have many Mediterranean observers of the winds;but the translation is found to be extremely difficult, on account of themany nautical terms, and I fear it will be a year yet before it can befinished. The Rodney. In January, 1812, the Rodney, a superb new 74-gunship, commanded by the present Admiral Sir E. D. King,on board of which I was then serving, was so torn anddisabled by the united violence of wind and wave, that SirEdward Pellew was obliged to send her to England in thefollowing autumn, although thereby lessening his effectiveforce in time of need. Noble, however, as this shipappeared on the waters, it must be admitted that she wasone of that hastily-built batch of men-of-war sarcasticallytermed the Forty Thieves. I afterwards visited the gulf in very passable weather;
but on the 3rd of October, 1820, while standing for MarThe Aid. seilles in H. M. ship Aid, the atmosphere became so verytransparent as in itself to be of a suspicious character ; yetthe peculiar beauty of the romantic hills before us, theglorious sun above, and the smooth, glistening fluid around,conspired to lull apprehension. But when, about threeo'clock in the afternoon, the lieutenant of the watch enteredthe cabin with

l Sir, a light breeze is springing up ; shallwe set top-gallant studding-sails V—I, having that momentlooked at the barometer, and found that it had suddenlyfallen three-tenths of an inch, with a surface still extremelyconcave, replied, ' No ; turn the hands up to shorten sail,and we'll get the top-gallant yards on deck V This answersurprised him ; but all the officers being well acquainted
THE MISTRAL. 245
with the reliance which, both from experience and reason,
I placed on my marine monitor, the preparations were
briskly executed to the desired extent, although there was
no other discernible aspect of mischief. Scarcely, however, was the canvas reduced, and the ship under command with Agnif ga!o. close-reefed topsails, before a gust rushed so furiously upon
us, that had we made sail instead of shortening it, the
masts must have been carried away, if that were the least accident. As usual with northerly gales in this gulf, great
numbers of birds were blown off, which, though of very
opposite characters, were all subdued out of their several
instincts, and laboured to find a common shelter on the
decks. That same night we lay-to, with the sea occasionally
making fair breaches over us ; but, from the premonition
thus obtained, excepting a boat washed from the quarterdavits, a jib-boom sprung, and the weather-bulwarks stove
in, we sustained scarcely any damage.
Among the severe atmospheric visitations on the other- The Mistral wise charming shores of Languedoc and Provence, must be
enumerated the chilly and searching northerly wind called the mistral or mistraou, the bize, la grippe, and one of
les fleaux de la Provence* This wind, by which all these
parts of France are so much visited, after getting chilled in passing the high Alps and their extensive snows and
glaciers, takes its course with increasing violence towards
the warm atmosphere of the Mediterranean, and is very
impetuous in coming down the valley formed by the Rhone.
Diodorus Siculus, Pliny, Strabo, and other ancient writers,
appear to have been well aware of the properties of the
mistral ; and it has been customary to consider it the same
wind with the circius of Lucan, to which Augustus—' dum
* This wind is not only disagreeable to the human feelings, but is inju- rious to the young fruits and vegetables, and all trees exposed to it become
bent : in allusion to which, the Provenyaux couplet runs

La Cour do Parlement, le Mistral, et la Durance, Sont les trois fleaux de la Provence.
246 WEATHER AT NICE.
Ventde in Gallia moraretur' — erected and dedicated a temple(Seneca, Nat. Qucest, lib. v. cap. 17) ; but there can be noreasonable doubt of the vent de cers—a boisterous windfrom the heights of Cevennes, in Languedoc—having thebetter claim. The piercing cold complained of by thenatives of the south of France, during the continuance ofthe mistral, is owing to the immediate transition from ahigh temperature to a lower one, as well as to its actualfrigidity ; for I have myself experienced very chillingsensations in this part, with the thermometer at 50°. Thewinter climate of Nice is excellent, with bright skies andWeather at pure air ; but the spring is often unpleasant by reason ofthe great inconstancy of the weather, and the violence withwhich winds from the mountains sweep its valley or basin,while it is ever liable to be scourged by the mistral.Although to valetudinary persons, with whom a clear, dryatmosphere agrees, the city and its suburbs form a desir-able residence, there are serious drawbacks in the remarkable alternations of temperature, the dirt of the dwellings,and the offensive treatment of grounds, in consequenceof there being little or no cattle or other stock. AProvencal proverb is repeated as a warning against nightpromenades :

Que lou sol y la sereine Fan veni la gent mouraine. On the coast of Piedmont, and from thence to Tuscany,the summers are fine ; though the labeschades, or south-west gusts, drive home on the shores, load the atmospherewith humidity, and raise the water to a high level. TheOuragans. winter is ushered in by ouragans, or violent storms oflightning and rain, with occasional hail ; but the northerlywinds always clear the air.
Prognostic. The Tyrrhenian Sea is greatly agitated by south-westgales of wind ; and those from the westward are sometimesknown to be on their way, by a peculiar cloud in thatquarter, after the manner of the Harmattan, on the west
ITALIAN SQUALLS. 247
coast of Africa, yet not so regular or so striking. Virgil,
though somewhat deficient in accuracy as a navigator (see
his description of the departure of his hero from Carthage),
has, at the opening of the fifth iEneis, marked the prognostic of the change to a western wind with the discrimi- nation of an observer. Dryden, exercising his usual licence,
gives the passage thus :

But soon the heavens with shadows were o'erspread

A swelling cloud hung hovering o'er their head

Livid it looked, the threatening of a storm ; Then night and horror, ocean's face deform. The pilot, Palinurus, cried aloud,
' What gusts of weather from that gathering cloud My thoughts presage!' In those bays which bound the ravines and valleys of Land
J
, J
squalls. the higher grounds, the raggiature, or land squalls, are
violent, though not of very extensive action ; for I have
felt these descending easterly gusts in shore, though the
breeze was fresh from south-west in the offing of the Gulf
of Gioja, and, standing with this into the Faro of Messina,
have there met with a steady south-east wind. The more
notable burrasche, or mountain storms of Calabria, com- mence with massy clouds coursing, displacing, and effacing
each other like oceanic waves, in rapid grandeur ; the
tempest then rages, but its energy is soon exhausted.
Along the whole coast, there is a time between sea and calms, land winds which is calm, and called by the Italian seamen
bonaccia as being unaccompanied by danger ; but their more sturdy Roman predecessors designated it malaccia,
from being a cause of detention. It commences as the
land winds die away, and lasts till nine or ten o'clock, by
which time the solar rays are sufficiently effective to act

then the sea-breeze generally increases till about two hours
after the sun has culminated, and at or near sunset subsides. During this time, the ascending current of rarified air seems
to have a considerable effect on the clouds which it meets
with, even on those in the zenith, sometimes changing
cumuli into cirri with magical celerity.
248 CORSICA^ WEATHER.
Kaffiche.
The Berwick.
The summer serenity of the Corsican waters is frequentlydisturbed by boisterous gusts called raffiche, which blow offthe hills. Speaking generally, the mountains of theMediterranean may be said to supply cool air to the valleys;but as these winds occasionally rush out seawards in de-scending blasts, necessity dictated the use of lateen, ortriangular, sails attached to yards that can instantly be letgo by the run, for the xebecs, polacres, feluccas, and othercraft which coast the shores within their influence. Inwinter there are strong gales from December to March,which often occasion considerable damage : and the northwesters send in a heavy swell upon the exposed shores ofCorsica. In January, 1797, the Berwick, of 74 guns, wasriding in San Fiorenzo Bay, under refit, with her lowermasts stripped of their rigging ; yet such was the force ofthe swell, that she rolled all three clean over the side. Thisunlucky vessel was captured by the French a few weeksafterwards, under jury-masts, and was one of the very fewof her class won from us by the enemy during that eventfulwar : she was, however, retaken at Trafalgar, after a verygallant defence. In and around Sardinia, the most prevalent winds arefrom west-north-west to north, and from the eastward ; theproportion of days being for the first—which is the healthiestquarter—210, and the latter 145: these maybe respectivelyMaestraie. termed the dry and the humid. The prevalent Maestrale,or north-west breeze, brings in a long swell from seaward; and it acts with such violence over the Nurra districts, thatthe trees exposed to it are bent nearly horizontal into theopposite direction, and so they grow. The west wind seldomblows without bringing rain ; still it is always welcomed onthe coast, on account of its favouring the arrival of thetunnies ; when it veers to south-west it is injurious whereit rakes. The south wind rarely occurs but as a stormywinter visitor, and is annoying in the exposed bays; inFebruary, 1793, when Sardinia was invaded by a French
SARDINIAN WEATHER. 249
force under Admiral Truguet, a gale from this quarter oc- casioned the loss of the Leopard, a fine 80-gun ship, with The Leo- several smaller vessels, in the bay of Cagliari, besides
pa> greatly damaging the whole fleet. The gregale, or northeast wind, is called double-faced, from being very squally
and inconstant, with heavy rains ; and the east wind, or bentw de soli (the coming of which is indicated by parasitic Bent?
de clouds on the mountains), is usually accompanied by very
vivid lightning, and, from its being loaded with vapours, becomes extremely disagreeable after a long continuance.
The maledetto levante, so complained of by the natives for Levante.
its debilitating effect, is actually a south-east wind, the
scirocco of Sicily and Italy, and the ' plumbeus auster' of Horace : so great are its effects in driving up the hygrometer towards the damp point, that it is termed mollezza ; whereas the healthy and agreeable tramontana, or north
wind, from its opposite quality is called gli secchi, or dry.
But Sardinia has much very fine weather, and the calms of the summer months are harvest- times to the fishers. In
settled seasons the imbattu, or sea-breeze, sets in about ten imbattu. o'clock, A.M., keeping on till about two P.M., and is exceedingly refreshing during the heat of the day; it then weakens,
and falls calm as the sun goes down, and is succeeded in the evening by the rampinu, or land wind, which holds Kampinu.
through the greater part of the night.
The island of Sicily occupies the central station of the Sicilian Mediterranean sea, and may be said to enjoy the average means of its winds and weather. Whilst the sun is in the
northern signs, the sky, although it seldom assumes the
deep blue tint of the tropics, is, nevertheless, beautifully
clear and serene ; then after the autumnal equinox, the
winds become boisterous, and the atmosphere comparatively
dense; the dews and fogs increase, particularly on the
coasts, and the rain falls in frequent and heavy showers. In summer it is generally calm in the morning, but a sea- breeze springs up about nine or ten o'clock, freshens until
250 SICILIAN WEATHER.
Mamatili.
JEolian
islands.
Faro of Messina.
Malta and
Goza.
two or three, and gradually subsides again into a calmtowards evening. The winds are variable both in their force and direction. The most prevalent are the northerly andwesterly, which are dry and salubrious, producing, with the
clearest sky, the most agreeable sensations ; and a modification of the maestrale, called mamatili, is enjoyed by thePalermitans as a most refreshing sea-breeze. Those fromthe east round to southerly are heavy, and loaded with an un-wholesome mist, often accompanied by heavy rain, thunder,
and lightning ; storms in which I have seen vessels struck
by the electric fluid, and in one of these I was a witness of the
all but destruction of Scylla castle, in the spring of 1815.
On the north of Sicily are the iEolian isles, the fabled residence of the god of winds ; and whether from the heat of the water by volcanic springs, the steam of Vulcanella, the
incessant hot ejections from Stromboli, or all of themadded to the general temperature—it is certain that there
are more frequent atmospherical changes among this group,
than in the neighbourhood. These extend their influence
to the Faro of Messina, but are there modified under local conditions. Thus when a northerly wind blows throughthe Strait, and meets a southerly one some twenty miles
below it, or a wind from the Adriatic off Cape Spartivento,
it is the occasion of much aerial commotion ; especially in the offing between Taormina and Mascali, where the weatheris then called Del Golfo di Cantara. Another singularity of the Faro is La Lispa, a calm in the Strait, withmasses of super-impending clouds, though blowing fresh outside : this continues till the next taglio di rema (See
page 180) of the descending current, when, as soon as this gush of water is established, the wind bursts in with squally
gusts and accelerating force. South of Sicily lie Malta and Goza, its geographical
though not political dependants ; and although these islands are blessed with the steadiest climate in Europe, there are
occasional and beneficial disturbances to its serenity. Some-
WEATHER AT MALTA. 251
times winds of a very boisterous character rage, accompanied
by rains of tropical profusion ; the winters consequently were much dreaded by the galleys of the Order, and their op- ponents in Barbary were equally influenced. Under such
induction, with all their known and acknowledged expertness
at sea, the Maltese sailors were absolutely astonished at the
blockade of their ports by Sir Alexander Ball, observing
that c English ships could winter without harbours/ The
most violent gales they experience, are those from the northeast, the dreaded Gregale (from Greco), which rakes the Thegregaie.
harbours of Valetta, sends in a prodigious swell, and has
often caused serious damage, as well on shore as among the
shipping. The south-wester is the hottest of the summer
breezes ; it is much disliked by the Maltese, and even in the spring of 1816, I saw the fields on the neighbouring
isle of Lampedusa so burnt and parched by it, as to blight
all hope of a harvest. From the heat imbibed by the
calcareous surface of Malta, the sultry nights which follow the festa di San Lorenzo, in August, and continue till after the autumnal equinox, are sometimes very distressing to
strangers, the warmth being of that oppressive degree
termed implacable.
But the most annoying visitor of the regions around is The sci-
• 'ii rocco. the scirocco, or south-easter, a wind detested equally by the
ancients and moderns ; being, no doubt, the evil vapour of Homer (Iliad v.) into which Mars retreated when wounded
by Minerva. This debilitating breeze—the dreaded samiel
of Egypt—sweeping over the parched deserts of Arabia
and Africa, where the hottest summer climate in the world
is to be found, is moderated by its passage over the sea, to a tolerable degree of temperature ; and on the east coast of
Sicily, where it first arrives, its effects are inconsiderable ; but seeming to acquire additional heat in its progress over the land, becomes a serious inconvenience as it advances. At its commencement, the air is dense and hazy, with long
white clouds settling a little below the summits of the
252 THE SCIROCCO.
indications mountains, and at sea, floating just above the horizon, in ascirocco. direction parallel to it : it often terminates by a rapid lull, which is succeeded by a north-west breeze. The thermometer does not, at first, experience any very sensible change,though it slowly rises with the continuance of the scirocco to 90° and 95°, which last is the highest I have observed,
though the feelings—which are certainly a very inaccurate measure of actual heat—seem to indicate a much highertemperature ; but the hygrometer shows increased atmospheric humidity, and the barometer gradually sinks to about 29*60 inches. This wind generally continues threeor four days, during which period, such is its influence, thatwine cannot be well fined, or meat effectually salted ; oil- paint laid on while it continues will seldom take or harden
:
and while from seeming dryness it rives unseasoned wood,and snaps harp strings, it makes metals oxydize morereadily, mildews clothes, and renders everything clammy.We are told, however, that dough can be raised with halfthe usual quantity of leaven ; and though blighting in its general effects during summer, it has been known to favourthe corn-harvest, and the growth of several useful herbs andplants in winter.*
Scirocco at This wind is peculiarly disagreeable at Palermo, althoughsituated in the north-west part of Sicily ; but the plain is surrounded on the land-side by mountains, which collect the solar rays as if to a focus. Although somewhat inuredto the heat of the East and West Indies, and the sands ofArabia and Africa, I always felt, during a scirocco here, moreincommoded by an oppressive dejection and lassitude thanin those countries ; and it matters little to the personattacked, whether the sensation is attributable to the immediate parching of the skin and the absorption of his
* Tbe Scirocco appears to be so modified by its transit across the sea, or
else is such a contrast to the Bize; that when it visits the shores of Provence,
it is welcomed as a very alize Mediterranee.
THE SCIROCCO. 253
electricity, or to a positive increase of temperature. At
such times the streets of Palermo are silent and deserted, for the natives can scarcely be prevailed upon to move out while
it lasts, and they carefully close every window and door of
their houses to exclude it. Still the scirocco does not appear
to be actively prejudicial to human health, though it is said
that, if it be of long continuance, wounds are sometimes
attacked with erysipelatous inflammation, and it often is troublesome to people of a plethoric habit. It is more fre- quent in the spring and autumn than in the summer, and
in winter possesses no disagreeable qualities, except to
invalids ; many persons refuse medicine during its continuance, but whether right or wrong, deponent knoweth
not. Queen Caroline of Naples said, in a note to an English Queen of Naples. lady, that she had risen

en deshabille—from a marble
floor to write, and must throw herself down again, in order
to alleviate the oppression she felt : such was the inconvenience endured even by royalty—by the daughter of Maria
Theresa—in the otherwise enchanting valley of the Conca
d'Oro. One of our generals held a levee during a scirocco,
and however booted and belted the smaller fry came, he
himself exhibited the happy ease of undress : and the late Lord Holland, fainting under the oppressive heat, passion- Lord iioi- ately invoked the colder breezes, breaking forth with

Oh ! my soul's panting wish in mid-day dreams

Oh ! native soil ! Oh ! verdure, woods, and streams, Where are ye? And thou, lovely Redlynch! where Thy grassy prospects, and thy vernal air? Oh ! send thy spacious waters to my aid, Lend me thy lofty elms' protecting shade

Henceforth within thy limits let me live, Oh England! injured climate ! I forgive Thy spleen-inilicting mists. And, indeed, when the sultry and withering blaze of heat, the Remark,
earthquakes, hurricanes, diseases, misery, personal insecurity,
reptiles, mosquitoes, flies, fleas, and other major and minor
evils are recollected, the pleasure of visiting warm climates
is considerably alloyed.
254 ADRIATIC WINDS.
Siffanto.
Furiani.
weather The navigation of the Adriatic is rather dangerous, exceptAdriatic, under the careful attention of a good officer, from the lia- bility of being caught without sea-room in extremity. Thewinds generally draw or incline up and down its length,seldom blowing right athwart ; during the summer monthsthey are light and variable, with frequent calms* andoccasional squalls, with the usual accompaniments from thenorthward ; these gales are, however, of short continuance.Winds from the south-east bring in a high sea, with fog andrain, but they are usually steady, and not unfrequentlysucceeded by a fresh north-west breeze. The south-wester,or Siffanto, is vehement, but short-lived, and often drawsround to the south or south-east, when it is succeeded, nearthe vicinity of the Po, by the gale and sea called Furiani.The entrance of this sea is liable to sudden gusts, which donot always give warning of their approach, and when it continues to blow hard there, the waves are tumbling andconfused ; subsiding, however, with the weather. Towardsthe centre of the gulf, the winds are steadier than at themouth ; though at the upper part they are still more variable. From a comparison made by the late Sir William Hoste
who had much experience of this sea, and being one of those
useful officers who both fight and write, drew up someexcellent sailing directions for navigators—it was found that
the ships off the Po, those before Trieste, and those in theConflicting Quarnero, bad usually different winds at the same times. From the votive offerings of seamen in the churches of the —on this side

c harbourless shore of Italy/ such mutableweather must long have scourged the coasting traders, before the few places of refuge were constructed ; for Dante,when in the ninth bolgia of Hell, in alluding to the atro- cious throwing overboard of the two citizens of Fano, off
* The air of the Adriatic in easterly breezes, as in most parts of the Mediterranean, has the pernicious quality of mildewing sails: seamen will therefore be careful to air them in north and west winds.
THE BORA. 255
Cattolica, says it was so managed that against the winds of Dante. Mount Focara, it were needless for them to offer up a vow,
or to pray

Poi fara si, ch'al vento di Focara, Non fara lor mestier voto, ne preco. To prevent the mischiefs of private cupidity, the laws of the mediaeval times forbade merchant-vessels from putting
to sea in the bad season ; and so late as 1569, Venice prohibited her vessels, under heavy penalties, from attempting to return home between the 15th of November and the 20th
of January. But this was a great improvement in bold Aphorism
J ...on the navigation, as compared with dicta of the thirteenth century, weather. which assigns the winter to fools only :

Tempo di navigare—d'April dei cominciare

E poi securo gire—finche vedrai finire Di Settembre lo mese—che l'altro a folli imprese.
Off Croatia, and indeed generally from the Gulf of Trieste
to the Mouths of Cattaro, the weather is notoriously unstable ; calms, thunder, water-spouts, and the hot wind
called youg by the Sclavonians, being frequent all the The youg. summer ; and heavy northerly blasts called Boras, the The bora. Sebenzanas of Dalmatia, with fogs and hard squalls during
the winter. Nor are these variations confined to seasons. Obviously Bora appears to be a mere corruption of Boreas,
though said to be derived from a Sclavonic term for furious tempest It is greatly dreaded in the upper part of the
Gulf of Venice, particularly in the Canale di Maltempo, and
other channels of the Quarnero and Quarnerolo, where it Effects of rushes down from the whole line of the Julian Alps with
such irresistible fury, that not only numbers of vessels are
sacrificed, but it ravages the shore also, being feared as much for the suddenness of its attack as for its violence. From this cause, the emporium of Fiume is nearly confined
to a summer intercourse in trade, and the otherwise eligible
haven of Porto R6 is useless as a government arsenal ; then
are also districts whicli are rendered nearly uninhabitable
256 THE BORA.
by it. As the maritime cliffs and surfaces of those shoreswhich are most exposed to the bora are well marked—fornot a bush nor a blade of grass can grow on them—thelocal craft usually anchor opposite the parts where vegetation is most abundant.
P
7t?ebor°a
f The coming on of this wind may fortunately be knownsome hours beforehand, by a dense dark cloud on thehorizon, with light fleecy clouds above it, a rather lurid sky,and it is immediately preceded by a breathless, but speaking stillness. Its general source is between north and northeast, and its most usual continuance about fifteen or twentyhours, with heavy squalls, and terrible thunder, lightning,and raiu, at intervals : but the bora most feared, and withjustice, is that which blows in sudden gusts for three days,subsides, and then resumes its former force for three daysmore. Ships caught by it generally let fly everything to receive the first blast; then immediately bear up to thesouthward to seek safety in any port they can fetch, orremain under bare poles till it is exhausted. We lost manyprizes during the late war, by these impetuous winds actingon vessels, the rig of which was new to the young prizemasters, and even some of our cruisers, when caught unawares, have been nearly thrown on their beam-ends. InThe Flora. December, 1811, the French frigate Flora, of 44 guns and340 men, was surprised by a bora, on her passage fromTrieste to Venice, which threw her on the coast nearChiozza, where the captain and two-thirds of her peopleperished ; in 1815, two merchantmen, which had anchoredoff the mole of Trieste with the intention of entering the
following morning, were assailed in the night, and founThe Monte dered with all hands ; and in 1820, the Monte Cuculi, a fine
Cuculi. . Austrian corvette of 20 guns, was met by a bora while
under all sail, and instantly went down, with the whole of her passengers and crew. These boras, however, as I have already hinted, give sufficient notice of their approach to an attentive observer
;
BORA AT LISSA. 257
although Borinos, or strong squalls, from the same quarter,
of short duration, may sometimes be encountered without
much barometrical indication. A very hard summer bora, Summer which I experienced in Lissa harbour, on the 13th of July,
181.9, occasioned a fall in the mercury from 30-15 inches to 2977 ; it was precursed by the usual denseness near the
horizon, with a fresh south-east wind ; and during the two
preceding nights—although the weather was fine—there was much lightning in a vast cloud-bank which had formed.
On the third evening, this bank spread over the sky to the
zenith, and the coruscations became incessant ; whereupon,
as we were lying at single anchor, prepared for going to sea, we dropped the best bower, braced the yards to the wind,
and took measures for the safety of our observatory, tents, and instruments on Hoste's Isle : these had been left to the eleventh hour, in order to watch a new and brilliant comet which was then following Capella, and standing
towards Dubhe. In the midst of this aerial commotion, at about one in the morning, the gale suddenly chopped round
from south-south-east to north-north-east, with such fury, as
to make the ship heel over in an extraordinary degree ; and
the cables were veered out until she was uncomfortably
close to the marina. It was fortunate that we were in so excellent a port, for the sudden shift of wind must have
done injury to any vessel under sail, however well prepared.
In about an hour, the acme of its force somewhat abated,
rain fell in large drops, and for two days afterwards we had
cool breezes from the north, and clear weather. Shortly afterwards, we underwent another of these blasts, Loaaiii Piccolo. of which I particularly noted the advent, progress, and
termination. On the 9 th of August of the same year, while
moored with the stream and small bower in the perfectly
land-locked harbour of Lossin Piccolo, the morning was sus- piciously cloudy, although the preceding evening had been
remarkably clear over-head ; insomuch as to allow of my
making some satisfactory observations in the observatory-
258 BORA AT LOSSIN PICCOLO.
tent, and also showing Saturn's ring to the magnates of thetown, it having just then become again visible after its temporary disappearance. On the morning stated, thewind was in the south-west quarter, the clouds lurid, theatmosphere dark, and the whole celestial aspect so singularindications, and threatening, that, notwithstanding our apparent se-curity, I ordered the top-gallant yards and royal-masts ondeck, top-gallant masts to be struck, the best bower to beranged, and the sheet cable bent. In the afternoon, thehorizon, from north-west to north, was as black as possible,and the gloominess of its appearance was contrasted byabed of white fleecy clouds which rose immediately above it, and soared rapidly till they joined a series of waved distinctstreaks overhead ; forming an immense arch from west-south-west to east-north-east, with a deep blue sky on eachside. In a few minutes a strong wind had evidently arisenin the north-west, as it blew the clouds right and left,though we still felt the south-wester even stronger than inthe morning.
The bora The scene was now awfully grand ; masses of cloudwere in motion from the zenith downwards, excluding bydegrees the brassy sky, while a momentary stillness was buta presage of the coming storm. At this time all thefishermen were making for the shore, and the whole marinaresounded with the shouts of people endeavouring to rowceup their vessels on the strand. At length huge drops ofrain plashed down, and the whole atmosphere seemed toresolve itself into black smoke, while the north wind wasseen approaching, by the eddies of sand which it threw upbefore it. The gust now reached the ship, roaring tremendously, with such force that both our cables were snappedlike twine, and before we could bring up with the bestbower and sheet anchors, veer to forty fathoms, and bracethe yards by—which was effected with a celerity thatdelighted me—the ship was nearly thrown upon the quay.The rain now poured a deluge, and the apparent mill-pond
BORA AT LOSSIN PICCOLO. 259
of a harbour was soon covered with long rolling waves, the
crests of which were cut off in foam. Every boat in the Effects of port was either swamped or capsized ; oars, rudders, and
thwarts were floating on every side, and the vessels along
the marina were driven one upon the other. Such a gust,
if it had continued, must have destroyed the place ; but
providentially, its excess of violence lasted only a few
minutes, and in less than an hour all was restored to comparative tranquillity. Among other disasters, we noticed Accident the destruction of a trabaccolo astern of us ; she had escaped
the first blast with being merely thrown on the mud, but
after she was aground, the rain falling on her cargo of unslacked lime occasioned her conflagration, and loss of
sight to some of her crew. The mischief done on shore was much greater than that afloat : numbers of trees were torn up by the roots, the roofs of houses blew away like chaff,
windows and doors were forced in, and even floors were
displaced by the wind getting into the lower stories. The crews of two of our boats—the gig and cutter,
under the charge of the able master, Mr. Elson—which Mr. Eison. were capsized outside the harbour at the very commence- ment of the bora, though within a few feet of the land, were
obliged to lie along the ground on gaining the shore, and
grasp the brushwood while the main force passed over them : the masts, oars, sails, and arms of these boats were lost, together with some of the surveying instruments. In the
morning the barometer stood at 30"05, and after the rain at 29"91 inches : this bora, though a summer one, was pro- nounced to be the severest which had happened in the
memory of the ' oldest inhabitant !'* The Bora is much modified in the immediate vicinity of
* Captain Cosulich, who published a portulano of this sea

a spew me
in 1848, in speaking of the dangers of this vicinity, advises vessels not to venture into the Quarnero if Mount Velebich should he capped with white
clouds; adding, ' Lo parlo per esperienza, perche nacqui Bull
1 iaola Lussini." s 2
260 IONIAN WEATHER.
Curious
incident.
Ionian winds
Cattaro and Kagusa, but between those places and MonteGargano, I have experienced very fresh weather. A curiousphenomenon occurs among the cliffs of Montenegro : in themidst of the most steady season of the year, in the finestday, of the purest atmosphere, when not a speck of cloud isperceptible, thunder is heard to roll with loud repercussionsamong the mountains ; and it is remarked, that at thesetimes the springs of the neighbourhood gush up withincreased force. In the Ionian Sea, the prevalent winter winds are fromsouth-south-west to east-south-east, and those of summerfrom north to east-north-east ; but in general, among theislands, rarefaction commences soon after sunrise, and continues to increase with the solar force till noon, duringwhich interval there is not a breath of air in the valleys.About mid-day the rarefied air begins to ascend rapidly,and, agreeably to statics, a cooler and denser air rushesin to supply its place, and restore the equilibrium. Insidethe islands the winds are variable to an extreme, insomuchthat a ship may be seen coming in at Corfu through theThe Corfu north channel, and another through the south, both beforethe wind ; while in mid-channel it is either calm, or thewind is veering to all points of the compass. That theseare mostly mere surface currents of wind, is shown in thefact that the courses may be asleep while the royals areflapping to their masts ; and coasters often heel to thebreeze, while the citadel flag, about 130 feet above them,hangs motionless on its staff. On the 2nd of August, 1818,after an agreeable interchange of civilities and survey-communications, the French corvette Chevrette, commandedby Captain Gauttier, and the Aid, got under weigh;
myself being bound into the Adriatic, arid my friend to theArchipelago, when we both had a fair wind ! Eddyingbreezes often blow violently from the mountains of Epirus,which are at times, from their force and coldness, veryunwelcome ; and hard gales in the Corfu channel arechannel.
IONIAN WEATHER. 261
occasionally preceded by a fitful roar on the waters — Warning
(spaventosa mugghito) —which was described to me as
really awful by Capt. Kirkness, whose packet, the Countess
of Chichester, only escaped being wrecked in the south
entrance by sound seamanship. Besides this mugghito, seamen are warned by another local phenomenon. In the
northern part of the Corfu channel rises the steep and
rocky Pantokrator, or Table-mountain of Salvatore, marked Saivatore. by a conical summit at each extremity ; these are usually
enveloped in dense white clouds previous to the approach
of bad weather. In the Gulf of Arta, the winds, when regular and not Gulf of stormy, follow the sun's diurnal course, commencing with
light morning airs from the eastward, veering round
southerly till about an hour before noon, when a fresh westerly wind sets in, which dies away at sunset ; and this
is the simple fact of the 'alternating winds' so much marvelled at by travellers. The Gulf of Corinth, as might be
expected, is extremely subject to raffiche, or sudden squalls
from the mountains, which whiten its surface with foam

outside similar gusts blacken the aspect of the waters. The warm and disagreeable easterly wind —called Vento del Golfo by the Ionians —commences a little after midnight,
and continues till nearly mid-day ; the westerly breeze sets in soon after noon, and lasts till nearly midnight ; but the
Greek pilots say, that from spring to winter, however strong the wind may have blown during the day, it almost constantly moderates at sunset. In the winter the north-east winds are prevalent and strong, especially along the Roumelia shore ; and their meeting with the southwesters in the offing, is often the cause of the commotion which affects the Ionian islands, where the descending winds from the
hills are sometimes absolutely furious. The Myrmidon, wind at commanded by the Hon. Robert Spencer, with Sir Charles Penrose on board, when at anchor in Koinos bay, near
Port Bathi in Ithaca, heeled so deeply and so repeatedly
262 IOXIAN WEATHER.
Morea.
to the blast from the mountains, that the Admiral assuredme the wind must have been strong as a West Indianhurricane while it lasted. It is to be regretted that we havenot yet arrived at an anemometer for use on sea-board ; for till we have such an instrument, force and direction canwant of only be inferred. Nor is it easy to obtain accuracy at suchexactness. times with respect to the course of the gales, for the air is wafted over the high and precipitous lands of Acarnania,Epirus, and the islands, each giving a direction to it ; andthis direction naturally varies, according to the angle ofincidence corresponding to the surfaces against which theystrike in their progress. The climate of the Morea differs more with its localitiesthan its area would lead one to suppose ; but the aspect ofits mountains and valleys, with the varied exposure to sea-winds, accounts for the difference between the amenity ofits maritime situations and that of the rugged mountains ofArcadia, where the atmosphere is more keen and cold, besidesbeing occasionally very foggy. The north-east wind is clearand sharp, and is generally attended with fine weather;but at times blows with great violence, and is severely feltas the Gregale in Malta.
The whole of the Ionian Sea is subject to intenselightning, especially in the neighbourhood of Corfu, wherethe Acroceraunian ' infames scopuli ' sufficiently prove thejustice of that classic designation. The production of freeelectricity during the conversion of water into steam is wellknown to be rapid and abundant : in like manner, whilethe solar heat is converting into vapour the moisture of theearth, electricity is largely disengaged during the process.Slightly-liberated electricity produces lambent or phosphoricflames, which are unattended with danger ; but when anoverloaded atmosphere is animated by opposite powers anddriven by antagonistic currents, the ferment and explosionof the elements are exhibited in fury, and the coruscationsof fierce fluid matter are energetic. These lightnings are ofElectric agency.
WHIRLWINDS. 263
the kinds called sheet and forked, and when vivid are awful Lightning as well as beautiful ; the first, in noiseless, far-spread forms,
momentarily illuminating every object, and then leaving an indescribable gloom. At times the flashes follow each
other in such rapid succession as to appear almost incessant

so that a military wag, at a mess-table at which I was
sitting, proposed to put out the candles and dine by lightning. This buffoonery would not have deserved repetition,
but that it conveys an idea of the powerful glare which
must have prevailed to call forth the jest. It is not uncommon, especially in and near the middle- Typhoons, latitude zone of the Mediterranean, to experience typhoons
(tuQcqv), or whirlwinds, of which some of the most obvious
instances that have passed under my notice are in the
vorticular columns of sand in the deserts of north Africa. From such currents of air rushing through the atmosphere,
and along the surface of the sea, with an impetuous
spiral rotation, there very frequently result, in the warm
months, those extraordinary phenomena somewhat inappropriately named waterspouts, since they are owing to a waterspouts. commotion of rarefied air only : of these syphons I have
frequently seen several at once, of various magnitudes,
round the ship. In round terms, they may be described as trumpet-shaped cones descending from a dense cloud, with
the small end downwards, beneath which the surface of the
sea becomes agitated and whirled round, and the water,
converted into vapour, ascends with a spiral impulse, till a junction is effected with the cone proceeding from the
cloud ; frequently, however, they disperse before the union
takes place, especially when the action of the winds drives them out of their perpendicular position. There can be
little doubt that the Franklinian theory is substantially
right, and that, from the vapour being evidently drawn or forced upwards, waterspouts are the consequence of a
previous whirlwind ; a point cavilled at by some recent
Lecturers. Must it not be conceded, that, from the equal
264 WATERSPOUTS.
Rotation is distribution of the atmosphere, it follows that no extranecessary. ordinary movement can take place in any of its parts,
except by means of a positive rotation ? Yet a vortex will not be regularly formed nor continue in action, without theaid of an external propelling force, and a constant dischargefrom that spiral extremity of its axis towards which themotion tends ; both of which conditions appear to be fulfilled in the object before us, although the collision of suchmasses of air may render the effect both excentric andbrief. In addition to the operation of wind, atmosphericelectricity and its opposite may be also found to exertinfluence ; but Dr. Franklin's argument will here suffice, for the upper air is rarer than at the base, and the syphonitself is mechanically elevated by the centrifugal effect ofGyrations, its own whirling motion. The gyrations in this sea arethought to be in accordance with the hands of a watch, buttheir revolving spirally makes this rather difficult to esta- blish ; and there may exist a great disparity in theirtemperature, humidity, and substance. From the earliest times navigators have always, andvery naturally, entertained great apprehensions of thisThePrester. phenomenon, the noted Prester (npnoTrip) of the Greeks,the destroyer of those at sea ; of which Lucretius (lib. vi.
v. 422, &c) gives so terrific a description. But though mostsailors still believe it to be dreadfully dangerous, and smallcraft have been known to founder immediately on beingstruck, in most cases it would probably be productive of noserious injury to a vessel of any tolerable size; nor do Ibelieve that a well-authenticated disaster occasioned by thesewaterspouts to a well-found man-of-war is on record. I hadindeed been informed of the staving in of the quarter-deck ofan 80-gun ship, the Tonnant, and of the expression of SirSir j. Gore. JohnGore, that 'for the first time in his life he was alarmed :' but on my asking particulars of that officer, he neither re-collected the accident, nor the exclamation—so uncertain is hear-say evidence. Yet careful seamen should avoid this
WATERSPOUTS. 265
phenomenon, and as it is moved in space by the prevailing
wind, which is acting equally on the ship, it may be made to
pass, by skilful manoeuvre. I think it improbable, however, Fr^^^s that, with sails taken in and hatches battened down, the
consequences would be very serious to the hull, although
from being more active aloft than below, the upper spars might suffer. Still I must own to having felt more comfortable on board an English man-of-war than in a Sicilian gun-boat of paranzello rig, when in presence of these most
curious visitors, for whose advent, agreeably to my experience, the barometer does not prepare us. During the formation of a water-spout, the winds around Formation °
. of a spout. are generally light and variable, with frequent whirling
cat's-paws and calms ; but the weather heavy, with clouds
of small dimensions and flaky, in very slow progression over a deep blue sky. At length one of them enlarges,
takes a position, becomes elongated, and sends forth a
syphon, which finally reaches and agitates the sea ; but the
moment of contact is not readily made out, for the effect is manifest in the ebullition on the surface before the extre- mity of the spout has visibly approached it. The base of the
column, which may be from 50 to even 100 feet in diameter —enclosing a smaller, more transparent, and apparently
hollow cylinder—is first seen darkening the agitated area beneath it, as well as a wider circle of deep-blue water around ; and afterwards it discharges a volume of vapour
upwards, with an audibly whizzing noise, into the column of the protuberant cloud above it—a fact of which Pliny seemed
to be aware. The dispersion commences with the verti- ginous point, which becomes broken, less defined, and
shrinking, as it were, upwards; the syphon often appearing to be suspended to the cloud for some time after- wards ; and though other spouts may then be forming, I never noticed the production of a second one from the same cloud. The duration is from two or three to ten minutes, or even Longer ; and their dispersion is fre quently owing to the springing up of a breeze. Such
266 WATERSPOUTS.
Sometimes is the most frequent line of action ; but I have also knownformed, them to form suddenly in squally weather, on the choppinground of the wind, or where two winds meet ; and they areseen both before and after heavy rains, frequently attendedwith thunder and lightning. When they appear to beapproaching a ship, it is not unusual to fire a gun at them,which, by the concussion of the air, may scatter them ; butwhere the experiment is tried at all, it should be well done,and I have been assured that the vibration caused by firing several guns in a salvo, infallibly makes the column separateand dissipate in heavy rain, accompanied by local lightningand hail. This process I never tried ; but on one occasion,
off Maretimo, a fine columnar one of 1300 or 1400 feet inheight being within a mile was about to be thus operatedupon, when it suddenly passed a-head of us while we weregazing in admiration of the magnificent phenomenon. TheFresh water which falls on such an occasion is, of course, perfectlyfresh, but so instantaneous a chemical process cannot besufficiently considered. Dante, Camoens, Thomson, andother poets, have described this phenomenon as poets arewont to do ; and even Falconer, that truly nautical bard,gives rather a more terrific account of the dispersion of awater-spout than would suit the staid sobriety of prose : The horrid apparition still draws nigh,
And white with foam the whirling billows fly. The guns were primed, the vessel northward veers,
Till her black battery on the column bears
:
The nitre fired, and while the dreadful sound
Convulsive shook the slumbering air around, The watery volume, trembling to the sky, Burst down a dreadful deluge from on high
!
Th' expanding ocean trembled as it fell, And felt with swift recoil her surges swell
!
Evolution of In furtherance of the cursory allusion I have made to
tiuid. the probability of electric agency as the cause of waterspouts, the reader may be reminded that there is a rapidand profuse evolution of electric fluid in the process ofevaporation. The presence of a surcharge of this fluid is established by the great frequency of noiseless sheet-lightning
THE COMPAZANT. 26;
imo:
fire. over the surface of the waters, and also by the appearance St. Eh and play of that lambent flame about the mast-heads of
ships, known to seamen as the compazant (a corruption of Corpo Santo). It was the Dioscuri of classic times, and
its remarkable appearance is noticed by Caesar (De Bello Africano), on which occasion it settled on the points of the
spears belonging to the fifth legion. This harmless meteor
is also hailed in the Mediterranean with the appellation of the fire of Sant Elmo, or San Pietro and San Niccolo ; m
either case under similar notions to those which inspired
the ancients on the appearance of their Castor and Pollux, castor and It is a beautiful meteor which usually occurs at the close of squally weather, and in nights of intense darkness ; it reveals
itself as a pale blaze of phosphoric light,* hanging on the
trucks in the form of a sea-medusa, to a depth of two or three feet down the mast, with gentle scintillating flittings
such as might be represented in shaking a large jelly. Its duration varies from five or six minutes to nearly a quarter
of an hour in vigour, when it gradually dies off, and is generally succeeded by fine weather ; nor is this so much a
matter of marvel as the native pilots wish it to be thought,
for if the compazant is the effect of a mild or diluted electric
* A curious instance of this meteor occurred in my own knowledge, in the Pacific Ocean, when serving on board the Cornwallis frigate, in 1807. We were working out of the Gulf of Panama towards Acapulco, in dark,
.squally "weather, and the log entry runs

'Tuesday, September 29th, at sunset it fell calm, with such heavy rain, thunder, and lightning, as are seldom surpassed. The corpo-santo uncommonly vivid.' This, however, is not all ; for I well remember the first impression the light gave was that a
lanthorn had been taken aloft, but increasing brilliance soon revealed its nature. Meantime a spirited young main-top-man shinned the royal -mast,
to break off the spindle round which it was resting on the truck, without any pendant parts. On touching it, the fluid ran down his arm, and from him overboard, and all was instantly pitch dark: he arrived on deck rather
terrified, as he told me, from the ' cpueer numbness' it gave him. It is not
a little singular, that forty-five years after its occurrence, the captain of that
ship, the present Vice-Admiral Charles James Johnston, should have told
this anecdote to some members of my family, at his hospitable mansion near
Dumfries, in August, 1852; adding, that its brilliance at one time was BO great, ' that they could see each others faces on deck.'
268 ST. ELMO'S FIRE.
Ill omen.
Helena.
Balls ofelec
trie fire.
fluid, it is but natural that the storm which is caused bythe same should cease when the electricity becomes nolonger visible in its dazzling state. These luminous appearances are esteemed ominous when a single one is seen
fleeting down the masts ; and this must be the inauspicious
flame pointed out by Falconer, who, both a seaman and apoet, thus shows it :

High on the masts with pale and livid rays, Amid the gloom portentous meteors blaze. Ages, however, before Falconer's time, Pliny {Nat. Hist,
lib. ii. cap. xxxvii.) had described these lambent stars, andhis description is thus rendered by Philemon Holland :
I have seene myselfe in the campe, from the soldiers sentinels in the night watch, the resemblance of lightning to sticke fast upon the speares and
pikes set before the rampier. They settle also upon the crosse sail yards and other parts of the ship, as men do saile in the sea, making a kind of
vocall sound, leaping to and fro, and shifting their places as birds do which
fly from bough to bough. Dangerous they be and unlucky when they come
one by one without a companion ; and they drown those ships on which
they light, and threaten shipwrack, yea, and they set them on fire if haply
they fall upon the bottome of the keele (si in carinas ima, should have been rendered 'in her hold'). But if they appear two and two together, they
bring comfort with them, and foretell a prosperous course in the voiage, as by whose coming, they say, that dreadfull, cursed, and threatening meteor
called Helena (the single one) is chased and driven away. And hereupon it
is that men assigne this mighty power to Castor and Pollux, and invocate them at sea no lesse than gods. These, as well as the singular balls of electric fire sometimes seen gliding on the surface of the sea, are classed as glow discharges, in contradistinction to the violent form of lightning called the disruptive discharge. The fire-balls are mischievous {see the Philosophical Transactions, 1750,
for theMontagues case), but the compazant is deemed harmless. Even now, when there are two or more, for they are not unfrequently at each mast-head, they are hailed with
great pleasure both by the local and foreign seamen ; moreespecially when they remain stationary for some time, andthen gradually disappear. So favourable a representation
of the elegant Ariel was not lost by the master-mind of Shakspeare {Tempest, Act 1, Scene 2), who, recognising the
CLIMATE OF ATTICA. 269
then popular notions of the ' Fire Spirits' of the storm, Ariel, makes the active sprite say to Prospero :

I boarded the king's ship ; now on the beak, Now in the waist, the deck, in every cabin,
I flam'd amazement : sometimes, I'd divide, And burn in many places ; on the topmast, The yards and bowsprit, would I flame distinctly. The Archipelago—or sea of seas as smatterers think its Archipe- name imports—is perhaps the most interesting spot in the
world, to the eye of the poet, the artist, the scholar, and
the accomplished tourist ; and it has really been the scene
of such grand and heart-stirring events, that even denying
its inherent claims to regard as the cradle of genius, taste, philosophy, and the arts, it is hardly possible to eschew
enthusiasm when writing upon it. The duty, however, of a sailor is merely to treat of it as regarding navigation and
climate ; and though that restriction will be adhered to, as
far as mere classical recollections are concerned, an occasional reference to the early mariners and meteorologists
must be made.
The climate of Attica, the diadem of Greece, is in Attica, general dry and serene ; during the summer months the
prevalent winds from north-east to east-north-east, rarely
blow hard for more than two or three days ; and from thence
to the winter, nothing can surpass the delicious temperature
of favourable seasons. Here the east wind (amvikiwrw) so detested on other shores, is esteemed brisk, pleasant, and
refreshing, both to animal and vegetable life. In the winter
the weather may sometimes be sharp, but the severe Boeotian winters of Hesiod, and the ice

^uaraKkos—of Thucydides (lib. 3 § 4, Platcea) are not common in that
latitude of late, since the thermometer rarely descends to the freezing point. The air of Attica was always esteemed
the purest in Greece, and is still the best ; and such is its extreme dryness, that Sig. Lusieri, Lord Elgin's artist

whose house was on the site of the Prytaneum—told me
that he could leave a sheet of paper on the open ground all
270 ETESIAN WINDS.
night, and write or draw upon it on the following morning.This freedom from atmospheric moisture has, no doubt,
greatly contributed to the admirable preservation of theAthenian structures. Such is the climate of the countrybefore us ; but the neighbouring iEgean sea is broken by so many headlands and isles, that its air is less genial, beingliable to sudden squalls, accompanied by rain, thunder,
lightning, and hail.
Etesife. In settled weather, the customary Etesian gales, or meltem (calm weather) of the Turks, predominate ; they blowfrom the north-east nearly through the summer months,though their constancy is considered certain only for forty
days. Being equally dry and wholesome, they attemper thegeneral atmosphere, and relieve the crassitude of the air in the valleys. The name of these winds is derived from sros-, year, as they occur annually about the same season, andthough from custom it is principally understood to mean theHellespontic, or north-east wind of the Archipelago, it is not strictly confined to any particular direction, but is fre- quently applied to such as blow at stated seasons from anypoint of the compass. The true Etesise (sTr,<rioii avpai, i. e. annual breezes), however, commence about the middle ofJuly, rising at 9 a. m., and continuing during the day-timeonly. The direction of this current of air is from northeast to south-west ; and it is probably caused by the rare- faction of the atmosphere nearly under the tropic of Cancer,Supposed in consequence of the solar heat at that season. Fromtheg
Etesia?. Aristotle and Theophrastus down to Des Cartes and others
still more recent, a theory has obtained which amounts to the same thing, namely, that the Etesise derive their origin
from the melting of the snows and ice of the polar regions,
and the consequent southerly elemental rush ; assigning as a reason for their blowing strongest in the day, that thesnow ceases to melt in the cold of the night. But there is no end of the names by which these winds have beenknown : from intermitting at night and rising with the
ETESIAN WINDS. 271
sun, they were called venti delicati, and venti somniculares ; yet none of them blow exactly from the north. Pliny has pretty well described these breezes, and their Pliny's prodromi (forerunners), the light north-east airs by which
they are for eight or ten days preceded : but his speculation
thereupon is rather amusing. ' The sun's heat/ he observes, ' being redoubled by that of Sirius, is thought to be
attenuated by the Etesise, and no winds are more constant, nor keep their times better/ Cicero remarks, that they Cicero, moderate the violent heat of the weather during the dogdays ; and he has been confirmed in the present day by
Baron Theotoki, of Corfu. But it should be observed, that Theotoki. in the Gulf of Egina the north-east winds are extremely
sultry to the feelings ; although in the month of July, I found the range of the thermometer during the day was
but between 75° and 86° of Fahrenheit. Here the land- breeze generally begins in the evening, and continues till near seven o'clock on the following morning, when it fre- quently falls calm till eleven or twelve, and is then suc- ceeded by the sea-breeze. The north-east and north-west winds blowing almost Monsoons of
. . . 1
. the Levant. constantly during the summer, may

sic parvis componere
magna solebam—be termed the monsoons of the Levant,
and to them the Grecian coast owes many of its advantages
both of climate and intercourse. With every due respect
to the sagacity of the ancients, the cause may be thus approached. When the sun, on advancing towards the north,
has begun to rarify the atmosphere of southern Europe, the
general Etesise of spring commence in the Mediterranean
sea ; these, as was recorded by the elder meteorologists,
blow in Italy during the months of March and April, and
were called by the Romans favonii. Their influence is at Favonii. first but slightly felt, but so soon as the earth becomes considerably warmer than the sea, the current of air advances
towards the land, and produces the western breezes. In the
autumn, the winds alter to variable, sometimes blowing from
272 WINDS IN THE ARCHIPELAGO.
Alternating the sea towards the coast, and at other times in a contrarywinds. . direction, from the sudden alteration in the temperature ofthe two elements ; for as the sun regularly declines towardsthe equinoctial, the earth, both on the continent of Europeto the northward, and that of Africa to the southward,gradually cools again, subject for some time to slight variations, either on the land or water, which must necessarilyproduce changeable winds in the Mediterranean, until someweeks after the autumnal equinox. In round terms, wemay say for the Archipelago, that north-westerly breezesoften usher in fine weather, and are extensively favourablein cooling the air, and dissipating unwholesome moisture ; while the contrary may be expected from opposite quarters.The spring winds of record are those which blow in thefirst days of March, and which, from periodically bringingOrnithii. flights of birds of passage, were termed the Omithii;
whence, when the Boeotian in Aristophanes is enumeratingthe daws, ducks, and coots he has brought to Athens for
sale, Dicaepolis exclaims—' Why, you come to market driv-ing all before you, like the bird-storm I' The regular north-easter, or far-famed Etesian wind, is venti stati. one of the Venti Stati of Bacon's Historia Ventorum, bywhich he means ' stayed winds/ or such as do not blowalike in Egypt, Greece, and Italy. This wind was thoughtby the Greeks to draw clouds to it

ccecias nubes ad se trahere, whence their proverb compared it to usurers, whoby laying out money do swallow it up (idem. Qualitates et Potestates Ventorum, § 32). From the descending, rising,
Bacon's and progressive motions of clouds, Bacon derived his curiousmetaphor. . but correct dancing metaphor

cum enim (the winds)choreas ducant, ordinem saltationis nosse jucundumfuerit (idem. Topica particularia, § 18). The Etesianwinds bear the vapours of the Mediterranean into theSahara Desert, and are there dissipated ; but the south-westers are arrested by the Alps and the Apennines, androbbed of their contents.
INDICATIONS OF WIND. 273
A northerly wind suddenly blowing on a summer's day,
is held by the Greek boatmen to presage a fine night;
whilst on the other hand, as gales in that season are sometimes preceded by a dead and glassy calm, the mariner is warned. Thus in the storm of August, 480 years B. c, which wrecked nearly 500 of the ships of Xerxes, and was Fleet of otherwise so disastrous to him, we learn that the sea and
sky were previously serene ; but when the furious levanter
(apeliotes) came on, his fleet were on a dead and iron-bound
lee shore, which would be as trying to laden trans- ports at present as it was to his crowded vessels, although
navigation was then so imperfect, that Euripides gave, as an
expressive figure

c The Oar, the sovereign of the Seas !' About the time of the solstices, or longest and shortest
days, the south-east and south-west winds blow with great
force ; but the brumal northers are still more dreaded, since Northers, they are often accompanied with storms of hail, sleet, and
snow, insomuch that the navigation amongst so many islands becomes extremely dangerous to a stranger. During one of these occurrences, in the year 1771, a Russian three-decker, Disasters, of the noted Orloff's fleet, was driven from her anchorage at Tsara, and thrown upon the Kalogero rocks, where every man perished ; a Turkish 64-gun ship shared a similar fate a few years afterwards, and the disasters to smaller vessels
in the north wind are both numerous and distressing. This same tramontanes, or north wind, is a deviation of the TramonEtesiae, sometimes blowing with great violence even in the summer months ; and though generally held to be an
auspicious harbinger of a change for the better, it is mostly
cold and injurious to vegetation, obscuring the horizon to a remarkable degree. After its continuance for only a few
hours, the mountain summits of Albania and Greece are covered with snow : and the clearing off of the clouds ren- dering this visible, with strong solar beams and large blue
patches appearing in the sky, indicate the moderating of the
tramontane,,—
T
274 WINTER IN THE ARCHIPELAGO.
Winter in the Archi- pelago.
Though the bold seaman's firmer soul Views uuappall'd the billowy mountains roll, Yet still along the murky sky, Anxious he throws th' inquiring eye,
If haply through the gloom that round him low'rs, Shoots one refulgent ray, prelude of happy hours. Winter in general is a trying time to the navigator ; for the Archipelago is liable to violent gusts of wind, nearlyequal to those of a hurricane, though, fortunately for all concerned, more transient. They are perhaps the sameformerly dreaded under the name of Schiron : these are notonly preceded by an agitated barometer, but often afford atimely warning of their approach by dense lowering clouds, vivid lightning, and crashing peals of thunder. Yet althoughforewarned, the mariner cannot always reap the full advantage of pre-monition in such a hampered sea, for ships aretoo often caught where the exercise of nautical skill is para-lyzed by their peculiar position. It was thus that thePhoenix, a frigate of 36 guns, ably commanded by thelate Admiral C. J. Austin, was totally wrecked on the shoresof Tchesme Bay, in February, 1816, the wind for the timeblowing a perfect hurricane. The ship's company were all saved : but in another such storm, on the 9th of January,1826, the loss of life was more severe. It appears that theRevenge 74, bearing the flag of Sir H. B. Neale, the (7amh. m. sioop brian frigate, and the Alqerine sloop of war, weighedAlgerine. from Garden Bay, at Hydra, at 5h. 30m. P. M. on that day,with light southerly winds. About three hours afterwards,a gale suddenly arose, after much painfully bright lightningto windward. The ships were standing towards CapeColonna ; but at ten the Revenge lowered her topsails toreef them, when, in a furious squall from south-south-west,she carried away her fore and cross-jack yards, split everysail, and was nearly driving on shore. This blast wasfatal to the poor Algerine, for at that very moment shemust have been overpowered by the elements, and founh. m. s. Phoenix.
WINTER IN THE ARCHIPELAGO. 275
dered : nor were Commander Wemyss, the officers, the crew, or a vestige of the vessel, ever heard of after. The south wind, even in summer, is also disagreeable on account of the sudden changes to which it is notoriously
liable ; and still deserves the description of pollens fulminibus given by the ancients, for it is potent in thunder and
lightning, though, as recorded by Sophocles, of short duration. I was myself once off Milo, standing for Attica with a leading southerly breeze and fine weather, when unexpectedly the wind shifted smack to the northward in a heavy a sudden squall, by which the sea was thrown into an up-and-down
agitation, the crests of the old waves being cast over us
in foaming spray. As this subsided, the wind with us still at north, a vessel was seen in the east, descending the
Archipelago before a brisk easterly breeze. Such baffling
instability often keeps the mariner's nerves on the full stretch, and besides the losses, close shaves and touchand-go incidents are every-day matters hereabouts. Cap- Captain tain John Stewart, of the Sea-Horse frigate, another of rule, those useful sailors who could both write and fight, drew
up some excellent directions for the navigation of this sea, which have long been in use. This gallant and regretted
officer made it a general rule, while cruising in the ' Arches'
during the unsettled months, to anchor under the lee of any land when the winds were from the north, since they
usually subside so gradually as to afford sufficient time to weigh ; whereas those from the southward, by yawing in all directions, or chopping about at once, are not to be trusted with ground- tackle. We have sufficient evidence that the ancients dreaded stormy
i
• ji a i
• i i i season. the stormy season m the Archipelago, and were the prototypes of the Venetians in legislating thereon. It is from
their records that the difference between this sea and all others has been known for so many ages ; and though the ancients do not seem to have understood how much the changes
of weather are affected by the sun's place in the ecliptic, T 2
276 WEATHER INDICATIONS.
Laws for they took note of the perennial winds. Some of their lawswere expressly designed to curtail such litigations as impeded commerce ; and since merchant ships kept the seaonly between the months munychion and boedromion(from the beginning of April to the end of September), all such causes were but to be heard during the time thosevessels were in port. Corinth was then the emporium ofGreece, and the mart of Asia and Europe ; the merchandise' of Italy, Sicily, and all that was known of the westernworld, was brought up the Gulf of Corinth to Lechseum, onthe north side of the isthmus ; and that from the iEgeanislands, Asia Minor, Phoenicia, Egypt, and Lybia, to theport of Cenchrea? on the south. In the coasting voyagesof those times, Corinth necessarily became the centre oftrade ; the circumnavigation of the Peloponnesus was considered both tedious and uncertain ; and mariners were solittle inclined to brave the stormy sea between Crete andLaconia, that a proverb was current, saying that the manwho doubled Cape Malea ' should forget all he held dearestin the world.' A notion was entertained that the rising of thestar Capella was inauspicious to seamen ; and its two dependants, £ and n, Bootis—the"Etpt<poi,Ha3di—were emphaticallystyled the horrida et insana sydera. Arcturus—of uqurovand ovpoi (Bears tail)—was also noted by the early seamenfor its ungenial influence ; and among other prepossessionsagainst it, we learn from Demosthenes that a sum of moneyBottomry, was lent at Athens on bottomry, upon a vessel going to theThracian Chersonese (Krim Tartary) and back, at 22J- percent, on the voyage out and home ; but unless they returnedbefore the rising of Arcturus, 30 per cent, was to be paid.A meteorologist has recently insisted that this star has still a malign influence on the weather, and he quotes Gadburyin proof of the assertion ; but the authority of John Gadbury, and the value of the conclusion, deserve exactly thesame degree of respect. Nevertheless, the season of its rising may support the old prejudice without a reference to
WEATHER INDICATIONS. 277
astrology ; for it is pretty certain, that if a long double Prognostics, stratum of clouds appears just above the horizon at that
time, a gale may be expected. Modern seamen may rest assured, that a rising sea, attended by a sinking of the
mercury in the tube, is an infallible prognostic of a storm. Some of the Greeks of the present day affect to be
wonderfully weather-wise, and give all sorts of gratuitous
advice about arrivals, departures, anchorages, and all that. But although navigation took its rise in the Mediterranean, Greek
it is there, even now, in comparative infancy ; and from its
prac lces climate, and the ignorance of its seamen, is likely long to remain the theatre of well-inclined but mere fine-weather
sailors. On the appearance of foul winds they seek shelter under the lee of some headland or island, or bear up for the nearest port —with too great a deference for the
elements to think of contending against them. They study omens of all descriptions, of which I procured a rich assort- ment from Kampse, a Greek pilot who served me for upwards of three years, and was well versed in such matters. Among the best-established tokens is that derived from the
first appearance of the egg-plant (solanum rnelongena), Egg-piant. which is believed by the native seamen to be constantly followed by a north-easter of some continuance ; and
therefore ships bound for the Black Sea sail before this harbinger of foul wind makes its appearance. This, at
least, indicates the time of the apprehended change.
In summing up this brief sketch of the iEgean winds, The winds,
it may assist our inquiry to give the more ancient notions on
this subject. Homer only mentions the four cardinal winds
expressly—viz., BOPEA2, ETPO^, NOTO^, ZE<I>rP02—
though intermediate ones are inferred : but it must be confessed that the early notions are not clearly expressed, for even the Iliad and the Odyssey are at variance respecting
the properties of the gentle Zephyros, while the troublous Euros is sometimes represented as serene, and Achilles is made to invoke Boreas at the funeral pile of Patroclus.
278 TOWER OF THE WINDS.
Cardinal Aristotle, Timosthenes, and others, enlarge ' the rose ofwinds \ but the exact gradation between the abovenamed points, and the twenty-four of Vitruvius, cannoteasily be attained. Fortunately, however, the tower erectedAndronicus by the astronomical architect, Andronicus Cyrrhesthes, atyrr es es. ^.^ens, kas survived the storms and revolutions of manyages, and not only gives us the eight points of the compassthen recognised, but also the reputed quality of the windsfrom those quarters in the meridian* of Attica, by expresssymbols. Now, as the same meteorological causes musthave operated through all time, this interesting structureaffords an admirable record of ancient observations ; and it proves that more than 2000 years ago the characteristics were the same as at present. Indeed, simple but accurateand close observation carried the ancients much further onthe road to truth than some moderns admit. Havingstudied Vitruvius (lib. i., cap. 6), Stuart and Revett,Choiseul Gouffier, and many other authorities on this head,one of my first visits in Athens, with Signor Lusieri, wasto this temple ; with which I was delighted, notwithstandTekkiyen. ing its having been degraded to a tekkiyeh, or chapel forthe dances and frenzies of the howling dervishes. The Tower of the Winds is an octangular marble edifice,
which, in 1820, was in very tolerable preservation, beingentire, with the exception of the moveable brazen triton which surmounted it, and pointed with a wand to thequarter from which the wind was blowing. On the upperstory of each side of the tower is excellently sculptured alarge winged figure in relief ; those which represent coldweather are mature old men, fall-clothed and bearded, inBrazen
triton
* As the east dial is only the west dial reversed, and as the noon-day
line in the south dial is perpendicular to the correspondent hour lines, it is evident that Andronicus sought the true meridian. From inference, this was probably 150 years B.C. ; but the silence of Pausanias is unfavourable
to the supposition. This author has, however, carefully recorded an altar of the "Winds near Sicyon (Lib. ii., Corinthiacs, cap. xii.), with four caves
(toQpovg) or pits, for the purpose of assuaging storms.
TOWER OF THE WINDS. 279
a style which the Athenians chose to call barbarian ; and Seasons the milder winds are personated by youthful figures, more
lightly clad. Above them their names appear in uncial characters ; and they are divided below by a cornice from
large dials constructed and accommodated for each face

those for the verticals of the cardinal points being regular,
and their intermediates declining. It appears truly admirable for its object as an indicator of weather and time to the Athenians, though, from its proximity to the Acropolis,
it was badly placed for the vane-triton's showing the true
line of all the winds, since it could not be free from eddies. Over the door appears Schiron, the representative of north- Schiron. west winds ; he is robust and bearded, with warm robes and boots, and, though mostly a dry wind, to show that he
occasionally brings rain, he is scattering water from a vase. Zephyros, the soft and benign western breeze, is a lightly-clad, zephyros. bare-legged youth, gliding slowly along with a pleasing countenance, and bearing flowers and blossoms somewhat signifi- cant of Zcoriv (pe'pw (I bring life), in allusion to his genial in- fluence in gardens. Boreas, the impersonation of the fierce and Boreas, piercing north wind, is a bearded old man, warmly clothed,
but without a water-vase ; and he is so much affected with
cold, that he guards his nose and mouth with his mantle

an action which has been mistaken for blowing the flabra, or wreathed conch-shell. Kaikias, or the north-east wind, Kaikias. which in winter is the coldest in Attica, is represented as an elderly man spilling olives off a charger, to denote his being unfavourable to the fruits of the earth, and especially
to olives, with which the plain of Athens abounds : Stuart,
however, insists that instead of fruit he is holding hailstones
in a shield. Apeliotes, who represents the east wind, is a Apciiotes. handsome youth, indicating gentle motion, and bearing
various fruits in his mantle, together with a honeycomb
and wheat-ears, in token of his being favourable to orchards. Eurus, the south-east wind, so often accompanied by tern- Eurus. pestuous weather, is represented as a morose old fellow,
280 WEATHER IN THE BLACK SEA.
nearly naked, the agitation of whose drapery implies occaLibs. sional violence. Libs, the south-west wind and the traversiaof the Peirasus, a robust, stern-looking man, bearing theaplustre of a ship, which he seems to push before him.The Komans, who usually copied the Greeks, gave duskypinions to Libs, in allusion to its changeful energies, beingby turns hot, cold, dry, rainy, serene, and stormy, insomuchthat it was reckoned unfavourable for ships to sail from theAthenian ports while the weather hung in the south-west.
Notos. Notos, the south wind, has a sickly aspect and cloudedhead, significant of unwholesome heat and dampness ; andhe is emptying a water-jar, as the dispenser of heavyshowers in sultry weather. On the whole, these weatherinfluences agree remarkably well with those of the samewinds for our own climate.
weather in The winds of the Dardanelles and Bosphorus are, asneis. might be inferred from the land which forms their channels,
what are termed up and down, that is north-east and south-west ; but sometimes the northerly squalls are troublesome.The weather, however, is mostly delightful, the heat beingsoftened by that silvery mist which blends the features oflandscape without concealing them ; and in sailing up thePropontis towards Constantinople, prospects of singular andvarying beauty open upon the eye of the navigator. Butin truth there are very thick and damp fogs at times.
Black Sea From the inexperience of the early navigators, and its then alarming distance from their homes, the Black Seawas thus named as expressive of the Cimmerian darknessof its fogs and tempests. But under the Eu^^ig^qs whichflatters the evil genii, and still makes the utterance of theword death a rudeness, the Black Sea was soothingly dubbedthe Euxine (favourable to strangers), although notoriouslytreacherous and unsafe—' Quern tenet Euxini mendaxcognomine littus/ Modern commerce has changed all this ; for though there are sometimes mists of a density sufficient to alarm a Greek sailor, hard storms are rare, and, whenterrors.
WEATHER IN THE SEA OF AZOF. 281
they do occur, seldom last more than twelve hours without Mists, considerable abatement. During the summer, north winds
prevail, and south in the beginning of autumn and spring.
Major-General Monteith told me, that at Kalla and Poli, on
the east coast of the Black Sea, the hardest gales are almost
invariably from the west, throwing up a rise of four feet in the waters along the shores of Mingrelia, and at the same
time causing the rivers to overflow their banks on the low
grounds of that neighbourhood. Shortly before his arrival there, a Russian transport was driven on shore in a black
fog, and sixty lives lost.* Dr. E. D. Clarke tells us that during violent east-winds East wind in the Sea of Azof, the water retires in so remarkable a r6k. manner, that the people of Taganrok were able to en°ect a
passage on dry land to the opposite coast ; a distance of nearly fourteen miles. And he adds, l but when the wind
changes, which it sometimes does very suddenly, the waters
return with such rapidity to their wonted bed, that many
lives are lost. In this manner also, small vessels are
stranded. We saw the wrecks of two which had cast anchor in good soundings near the coast, but were unexpectedly swamped on the sands. The east wind often sets in with great vehemence, and continues for several weeks.
They have also frequent gales from the west ; but very
rarely a wind due north, and hardly ever an instance in which it blows from the south. This last circumstance has
been attributed to the mountainous ridge of the Caucasus, Clarke's which intercepts the wind from that quarter.' (Travels,
part i. chapter xiv.) That accomplished traveller, in
allusion to the 21st verse of the fourteenth chapter of Exodus, pronounces this to be a phenomenon ' which offers a very forcible proof of the veracity of the Sacred Scriptures.' But such comparisons may do more harm than
* For General fcfonteith's experiment at Kalla, to determine the height
of the Black Sea, vide p. 153.
282 LEVANT WEATHER.
Variable weather
in the Levant.
"Weather at Cyprus.
good : the dry land here is not occasioned by a miracle, for in this instance the sea was not a wall on the right and onthe left, nor was there a pillar of fire by night and cloudby day. The doctor, therefore, must merely have intended it as an illustration, not as a proof of the words of Moses. In the Levant, the temperature of the atmosphere is more variable than that of most other parts of the Mediterranean, as it alters considerably with each fluctuation ofthe wind : yet along these eastern shores, in common withthe neighbouring regions, the imbatto, or regular land andsea breeze, prevails in the absence of stronger winds. Butat some distance from land these periodical breezes are felt only within a small compass ; and, as in the cases alreadymentioned, it is not uncommon for vessels to sail by eachother in different atmospheric currents. Thus I oncepassed within hail of a ship on the opposite course, yet bothof us with flowing sheets before the wind ! This sea, asindeed in a degree are all others, is the grand means ofsoftening the temperature of the air ; whence every coldand raw gale becomes much milder by passing over it, andhot breezes are reduced to a refreshing temperature by thesame process. The island of Cyprus affords an epitome of the usualLevantine weather, as the action of the breezes is confinedto a comparatively circumscribed space. In the generalprogress of its seasons, the heats increase as the summeradvances, and would be altogether insupportable were it notfor the cooling imbatto, which begins to blow at 8 A.M. thefirst day of the season, increases as the sun advances till noon,when it gradually declines, and at 3 P.M. entirely ceases. Nothing is more easy to comprehend than the cause and courseof this wind : between 8 and 10 A.M. the land is sufficiently
heated to rarify the atmosphere over it greatly,—the coolair upon the sea consequently expands and forms a strongcurrent to the land. Towards sunset, the sea being thusheated, something like an equilibrium takes place. About
LEVANT WEATHER. 283
an hour after sunset, the imbatto generally dies away : an Cyprus im- almost dead calm ensues, and at about 1 or 2 A.M. a light
air springs up from the land, which continues for about an hour after sunrise. But before these winds terminate
for the season, they become extremely violent. This imbatto is considered as a sea breeze on the north-west of Cyprus, and a land one on the south-east. The falling of the wind is usually succeeded by moisture, which renders
the air somewhat heavy ; but it is dissipated in the evening
by a breeze springing up daily at that time. In summer
this wind blows till four in the morning, in autumn and
winter not till day-break, while in spring it does not continue
longer than midnight. Those winds which arise in the other beginning of summer, cease about the middle of September

and this is the period of the most intense heats, there being no breeze to attenuate them. Fortunately, however, they
are not of long duration ; and about the middle of October
they sensibly decrease, as the atmosphere then begins to be
freighted with watery clouds. The north winds, though North possessed of some good characteristics, are disagreeable in summer, on account of the injury they inflict on the cotton
plants, which are sometimes withered thereby to the very
roots ; and coming from the high mountains of Asia Minor,
they are often very cold. But the principal cause of
failure in the crops of Cyprus is drought, for the earth is often parched up—as it were—from the end of April till the middle of October. The coast of Syria has, on the whole, a very fine climate, Climate of albeit there are a few drawbacks, for while the mountainous
districts undergo a tempestuous and gloomy winter, the summer of the plain is oppressively hot. Throughout the
year, the winds are considerably influenced at different seasons by the lofty summits of the Taurus and Lebanon,
by which their intensity, direction, and force are varied. On the upper portion of this coast, along the flanks of Lebanon, and about the roadstead of Alexandretta, the
284 LEVANT WEATHER.
sudden gusts of wind descending from the mountains, calledEageas. rageas (ghaziyah), must be looked out for when the peaksare capped with clouds : some of these are exceedinglyviolent, though transient, and are but little felt at a wideoffing where the true wind, which blows over those peaks,Effects of is found. The north winds are for the most part dry andsalubrious, yet cold and often strong ; while the south onesare mild and moist, accompanied by rain ; those from theeast are laden with mist ; and the western, though oftenstormy, produce clear skies and exhilarating effects. Thesewinds differ essentially according to the position of theship's station, but they rarely blow very violently without acorresponding effect on the mercury. There is not muchthunder, either in summer or winter, and when it does occurit is generally during the rainy season from November till March. The land winds, which in summer are very light,
extend but to a short distance, commencing usually towardssunset, and continuing till sunrise ; afterwards the sea-breezecommences, and subsides more or less about an hour beforesunset, sometimes dropping altogether. But occasionallythe sea-winds blow most furiously, and this harbourless coastGale of then becomes a dead and perilous lee-shore. This was veryseriously experienced by our squadron under Admiral SirRobert Stopford, in December, 1840, after his attack onAcre, when the Zebra was stranded high and dry, the Piquecut away her masts, and various casualties were suffered. On this occasion the Bellerojphon, a new ship of 80 guns,was obliged to cast some of her guns overboard ; and it wasonly by the able management of Captain C. J. Austin (see page 274), and the surprising exertions of her officers andcrew, that she was providentially preserved from being cast ashore upon an iron-bound coast, where not a soul couldhave been saved. In treating of the meteorology in the Archipelago,certain inferences were confirmed by the statements of the
ancient Greeks ; but as regards this coast we can appeal to the1840.
WEATHER IN SYRIA. 285
higher authority of the Sacred Scriptures. Now an opinion Allusions in has prevailed, that the north winds—which, blowing from tures. the mountains in that direction, must be cold—are the
bearers of wet : but this neither agrees with recorded
observation, nor with what we read in the Bible. In
the book of Proverbs (xxv. 23), Solomon says, most Solomon, likely at Jerusalem, that 'the north wind driveth away
rain ;' such, at least, is the authorized version ; but it must
be admitted that others translated it—'the wind from the
unknown land of the north is pregnant with rain/ Be that
as it may, and admitting the difference of latitude, with
the influence of Mount Lebanon, &c, the effect of this wind, as experienced by the late well-known ConsulGeneral Barker, at Aleppo, is the same as mentioned
by Job, near Damascus (xxxvii. 22), probably upwards of job. 1000 years before Solomon was born—' Fair weather (goldbeaming clouds) cometh out of the north/ Again, when
Elijah's servant, on being sent the seventh time (1 Kings, Elijah's xviii. 44) to the top of Mount Carmel to look out, reported
that he saw a small cloud, ' like a man's hand/ rising from
the sea—which, of course, was to the west of him—the
prophet instantly predicted rain. A small dark cloud
taking the nimbus form, with its rugged pendants resembling fingers, would be in keeping ; for it is a natural and
very common prognostic, which may be seen from the same
spot to this day.
The climate of Lower Egypt is very hot in summer, Lower though with cooler nights than could have been expected ; jgyP ' with a mean annual temperature of 69°'3. On the coasts of the Delta, occasional rains commence with the fall of the
year, and continue till March ; during which time the west and south-west gales prevail ; and as it then pours down
for hours together, the Arabs designate those winds the
Fathers of Rain. In March, the hot southerly wind called Khamsin (i. e. Fifty) commences, blowing two, three, or at most four days successively, and then subsiding only to
286 WEATHER IN EGYPT.
begin again soon. Its presence induces disease, and loads the lurid atmosphere with warm vapours, while clouds ofdust and small flies are wafted oat to sea ; but being a landwind, the water is generally smooth, even though it sometimes blows with hurricane force. It derives its namefrom its supposed limit between Easter and the gpstival TheSamum. solstice. It is also called the Samum (in Turkish, Sdmmyeli), that is, the poisonous wind, from its suffocating heat. This in the central African deserts is often fatal ; but in Egypt and Barbary—though oppressive and troublesome,from filling the air with columns of hot sand, they are notdangerous. I have, indeed, been inconvenienced by them,but never experienced any really ill effect. The heavy,hazy weather continues till the sultry east winds about thebeginning of June may be said to usher in the summer,when there is sometimes hardly a breath of air stirring in the day-time, and not a cloud to be seen ; but at night thenorthers set in, the surrounding air cools rapidly, and thest. John's dew falls densely. About St. John's day (24th of June),
westerly and north-west winds refresh the air, and theycontinue more or less till September, with an atmospheregenerally dry and clear. The north wind brings health andenjoyment ; and by blowing the laden clouds into andbeyond Abyssinia, insures a regular supply for the Nile. These, however, are rather bodies of Mediterranean vapourthan clouds, collecting into masses as they advance over thevalley and lower ranges of hills to the lofty mountains ofAfrica, where, being refrigerated and condensed, they fall in periodical rains, and are carried back to their native
sea : thus confirming the preacher's geological inference —'unto the place from whence the rains come, thither
Solomon, do they return again/ (Ecclesiastes, i. 7.) But thoughthe northern winds are welcomed as benefactors, since the
Nile is then sluggish from the damming up of its waters, alearned but not scientific writer has presumed that theycause the unhealthy season.
WEATHER IN EGYPT. 287
Circumspection will generally gain a fore- knowledge of Barometer ifi-r-1- ill -n indications. the harder gales of the Egyptian coast, though the oscilla- tions of the mercury are confined to a very limited range. In March, 1822, I observed a slight fall in the barometer,
at a moment when the atmosphere had a most suspicious
aspect ; and from taking advantage of this prognostic, we
scarcely strained a rope-yarn, while at the same time the
Turkish fleet lost two fine large frigates, three corvettes, and
a brig, together with nearly 800 people. As this passed

so to speak—under the eye of the sagacious Mehemet Ali,
he made numerous inquiries, in the course of which I was
able to impress him with the use and importance of the
marine barometer : little could I then anticipate the extra- ordinary fleet he was so soon to build and equip ! Between the Delta of Egypt and the Lesser Syrtis, the Coast of sea winds from west, round by the north to east, are
y ' frequently violent and sudden, of which I have already
recorded an instance respecting Lord Exmouth's squadron
being caught, at page 90 : but the weather in general is very fine, the summer heats being moderated by breezes from the offing along the coast, and the winters are remarkably mild. The nature and direction of the local winds
may be tolerably well inferred, by an attentive meteorologist, in watching the form and colour of the clouds ; those hot ones from the south often assuming the tint of the
desert below them, as is especially seen at the back of
Tripoli, from the offing. Their apparent changeableness
has method and regularity, and even with the Mantuan's Regular
1 omnia ventorum concurre prselia vidi' in mind, however tions. short their revolutions may be, we cannot but be struck with the constant periodical return of each cardinal wind,
and its appropriation to certain seasons of the year, under
solar influence. Thus, when the sun approaches the tropic
of Cancer, the winds from the east change to the north, and
become pretty constant to that direction through the sum- mer : and towards the end of September, when that lunii-
288 THE MIRAGE.
Solomon.
Greater
Syrtis.
Sarab.
Isaiah.
nary repasses the line, the winds return to their easternquarters. When the sun approaches the tropic of Capricorn, the winds become more variable and tempestuous, andfrequently blow very hard from north-west and west : andwhen he returns towards the equator about the end ofFebruary and March, southerly winds may be expected.This periodical constancy and atmospheric circulation musthave attracted notice from the earliest times ; and the Sonof David is borne out in saying

c The wind goeth towardthe south, and turneth about unto the north ; it whirlethabout continually, and the wind returneth again accordingto his circuits/ (Ecclesiastes, i. 6.) The once-dreaded Lybian Gulf must not be passed with-out being noticed, as the seat of our earliest tales aboutwhirlwinds, whirlpools, quicksands, vapours, and all possiblemarine perils : to say nothing of the monsters and spectralapparitions so learnedly discussed by Diodorus Siculus(Lib. iii. cap. 3). All these, however, save fogs and thesurges occasioned by northern winds of long range blowinghome on the coast, have disappeared : and to such naturalphenomena must be added the Sarab, which Europeansnow call mirage, a singular effect of unusual refraction sofrequently seen in this and other arid shores of the Mediterranean, as well as elsewhere. This deeeptio visusis the ' parched ground (sultry vapour f) which shall be-come a pool' of Isaiah (xxxv. 7); the Sarab (vapourof the desert) which Mahomet says 'the thirsty travellerthinketh to be water, until, when he cometh thereto, hefindeth it to be nothing!" (Koran, chapter xxiv.); and thedeceitful sea of the desert of Sogdiana, described by QuintusCurtius (lib. vii. cap. 5) ; of which, probably, our loomers,flying Dutchmen, Capes Flyaway, and other deceptionsfrom vertical or lateral refraction, are mere modifications ofthe action of the sun and earth on the different densities ofthe lower atmospheric strata. When the sun has heated thesandy plains, and by reverberation the air above them? the
THE MIRAGE. 289
clear cerulean sky is inverted by the mirage into an extensive sheet of translucent water, in which the eminences and
objects around are reflected, and of course reversed as they
would be on the surface of a lake. On one occasion, near instance of
illusion. the west side of the Syrtis, the illusion which I witnessed was so perfect, that it was with difficulty I could persuade
Mr. Edward Tyndale—whose extreme thirst made him long
to reach the water—that the supposed lake was receding
from us as we advanced, until our amused Arab companions
pointed to another sarab formed in the space over which we had ridden. Another which I saw in Egypt was so
distinct, and the desolate sands rendered so enticing and
picturesque, as to make me for a moment doubt whether I was in my right senses. Mirage is not confined to the arid wastes of north Africa : other sites of mirage
the temperature of the Mediterranean is of course modified
and affected by the wmd, while the refractive power of the
atmosphere as naturally varies with its density, and its density with its temperature ; but these again are strongly
modified by the sun-burnt wastes adjacent. Hence the
effect is carried to a certain height, and is productive of strong looming, so that places are sometimes seen which are otherwise generally concealed from the view of each other
by the convexity of the globe. In my account of Sardinia
{page 80), I mentioned the appearance of the mirage over
the plain of Campidano ; and I also saw it most distinctly in the neighbourhood of Manfredonia, as well as on the plain
of the Bojana, in the Adriatic. But the most remarkable
effect of irregular refraction recorded, is the celebrated aerial display in the Faro of Messina, which has for ages astonished
the million, and perplexed philosophers. It is called Fata Fata Mor- Morgana, from its being supposed to be a spectacle under
the influence of a Fairy Queen, the ' Morgian la Fay' of popular legends. It is said to occur in sultry, calm weather,
when the tides, or streamed-up waters, are at their highest,
and when the sun shines from that point whence its inci- U
290 FOGS.
dent rays form an angle of about 45° on the water, Atsuch times, they tell us, multiplied images of all theobjects existing on the two lines of coast—as castles, arches,towers, houses, trees, animals, and mountains—are pre-sented in the air with wonderful precision and magnificence.Padre Padre Minasi assures us that, in addition to obvious appearstory. ances, numberless series of pilasters, superb palaces withbalconies, armies of men on foot and horseback, and manyother strange figures, are seen in their natural colours andproper action, as in a catoptric theatre ; and there exist paintings and engravings of the wonderful phenomenon. Still, onthe whole, I cannot but repeat the conviction to whichinquiry led me, and which I published as far back as 1824(Sicily and its Islands, page 109):—' I much doubt, however, the accuracy of the descriptions I have heard and read,as I cannot help thinking that the imagination stronglyassists these dioptric appearances, having never met withaSicilian who had actually seen anything more than theloom or mirage, consequent on a peculiar state of theatmosphere ; but which, I must say, I have here observedmany times to be unusually strong/
Fogs. Yet though the Gulf of Syrtis is now free from spectralillusions—fogs, mists, and sea-frets are still to be met with;
and the accumulation of vapours is sometimes so great asto obscure the solar rays, a time when—as the poor RomanCampanians have it

il sole si vede, e non si vede,while the face of the luminary, in revealing itself, has therusty-iron tint alluded to by Virgil.
Cum caput obscura nitidum ferrugine texit. These fogs, in general, are unlike the damp mists of thenorth, being the dry, thick haze of which the air is full inthe warm season, in most parts of the Mediterranean, occa-sioning little inconvenience or depression of spirits. Indeed,it would be more propitious to vegetation around, if thevapours so frequently seen dissipating in the lower regionsof air, were more frequently condensed and precipitated in
FOGS. 291
showers. There are meteorologists, however, who insist that the production of winds depends chiefly on the condensation of vapours ; and that the direction of any wind is according to the situation of the condensing vapour ; while
its strength is as the velocity of such condensed vapour, and
the quickness of its condensation. The course being thus
indicated, M. Mariotte thinks the intensity may be brought Manotte. under mechanical computation ; for wind being only air in motion, and air a fluid subject to the laws of other fluids, an investigation of the ratio of specific gravities, times, and
impulsions, will give the force. This is a conclusive Q. E. D.
to some inquirers ; but the process speaks more for the
soundness of the formula than for the possibility of obtain- ing the data. When the leading phenomena respecting the
distribution of heat, and the distribution and effects of so rare and expansible a body as vapour in the atmosphere,
shall be better known, the inferences may become infallible. It must not, however, be supposed that this sea is with- out thick humid fogs, as well as the dry ones here men- Humid fogs, tioned : * some of them have singular refractive powers
where, from the nature of the country, sudden cold is induced by changes of wind ; the specific gravity of the air being increased, and its ascent thereby retarded, it becomes
a dense medium both to sight and sound. I once witnessed a curious effect of fog-looming at Scoglietti, on the south Foglooming. coast of Sicily. I was pulling on shore, where some of the
inhabitants of that little port and Captain Henryson, R E., were standing on the beach to wait for my landing. As
we approached, the group appeared like a barrack, which
gradually split into vertical portions as we advanced, and on
approaching still nearer, separated more and more, until on
our arrival they became palpably men. On another occasion, in May, 1812, when off Majorca—an island not at all
* Every navigator of the shores of Venice, where the chief land-marks
are campanili, or steeples, must recollect how they are often vexatiously hidden by fogs. u2
292 DEW.
Fog off Majorca.
Dew.
Daniell.
subject to fogs—in a line-of-battle ship, and during animpervious haze, with the wind easterly, we all at onceplainly heard human voices ; this was partly owing to thepower which fog has of transmitting and conducting sound,for the people proved to be further from us than we apprehended. At length we saw the mast-heads of several vessels,and shortly afterwards discovered their hulls, magnified bythe medium into those of two-deckers. Aware that we hadno such ships in this direction, we beat to quarters, clearedfor action, and stood for the nearest. As the atmospheresuddenly cleared off, we found ourselves in the midst of anAlgerine squadron of two frigates, two brigs, and two corvettes, under the command of Omar Bey, afterwards Deyof Algiers, when that city was attacked by Lord Exmouth.There is yet a point in Mediterranean meteorologywhich must be named, because greatly misunderstood : viz., Dew ; another visible evidence of the aqueous vapour per-vading the atmosphere. Those who talk of heavy dews' falling/ and suppose that they may be deemed a kind ofrain, think they might be allowed for as a shower; but wouldthey recollect that an inch of water over an English acreis about 100 tons, and the dew mostly a humefaction, however copious the depositions may occasionally be, theywould perceive the extreme difficulty of approaching sucha question under such varied hygrometrical conditionsand frigorific impressions. But in a more practical view,Dew is a standard weather-predictor. Entirely distinctfrom the evaporation which we have already treated, thenext evaporating power will be as the difference betweenthat force of vapour answering to the temperature at whichdew would begin to act, and the temperature to which theevaporating substance is exposed ; and this is called theDew-Point Now any sudden change in the dew-point is accompanied by a change of wind. Professor Daniell says,' an increasing difference between the temperature of theair and the temperature of the point of condensation, ac-
DEW. 293
companied by a fall of the latter, is a sure prognostication The dew- of fine weather ; while diminished heat and a rising dewpoint infallibly portend a rainy season/ This is obviously
correct, for it is from the latent caloric contained in vapour
that the force of wind is derived ; whence it follows, that when the dew-point is high, there is sufficient steam-power
in the air to produce a violent gale, since then the quantity
of vapour in the air is greatest. The hygrometer which I used was, as already stated, one of De Luc's construction ; Lieut. Beechey employed Leslie's, but its rapid consumption
of ether in that climate was a serious objection. Daniell's
(see page 215) wet-and-dry bulb hygrometer had not yet
made its appearance ; but I cannot resist pointing out the
passage in Pliny (Nat Hist, lib. xviii., cap. 85), translated Pliny, by Holland, which led to that ingenious invention :

And to conclude and make an end at once of this discourse, whensoever you see at any feast the dishes and platters wherein your meat is served up
to the bourd, sweat or stand of a dew, and leaving that sweat which is resolved from them either upon dresser, cupbourd, or table, be assured that
it is a token of terrible tempests approching. I greatly regret that I was then unaware of another Scirocco- wonderful link in the chain of meteorological knowledge,
which I could several times have contributed to unravel, by
collecting specimens. In my account of Sicily and its Islands (page 6), I mentioned that on the 14th of March, 1814, on a warm hazy day, thermometer 63|°, and barometer
29*43 inches, it rained in large muddy drops, which deposited a very minute sand, of a yellow red colour. Since
this record was published, similar dust-rain, blood^rain, or scirocco-dust has attracted philosophical inquiry ; and the
crowning of the beautiful theory of atmospheric circulation only awaits the obtaining and examination of additional samples. By the zealous exertions of Professor Ehrenberg, Ehrenberg. the revealment of a truly wondrous and invisible working
and vitality in myriads of infusoria pervading the atmosphere, has followed the microscopic scrutiny of this dust. Among the organisms, the Professor has recognised poly- Organisms.
294 DUST-RAIN.
gastrica, phytolitharia, and many varieties of siliceous- shelled infusoria, which minimum types of life constitute,perhaps, so large a proportion as one-fifth of the wholequantity examined. What cyclical relation these creatureshave in regard to different atmospheric strata, still remainsfor continued inquiry ; but it is ascertained that they float in the air together with masses of fixed terrestrial matter,Analysis of as flint-earths, chalk, and ferruginous oxides ! It has alsobeen found that the Mediterranean dust, and that of theAtlantic, possess a striking similarity of organic composition; and by a chemical analysis of the latter, recently made atNew York, by Mr. W. Gibbs, it appears, that with 100 asunity, there were

Parts. Water and organic matter 18*53 Flinty earths 37'13 Clayey earths 1674
Iron oxide 7"65 Oxide of Manganese 3 44
Carbonic acid chalk earth . . . c . 9*59 Talc earth 1-80
Alcali 2-97 Natron 1-90 Oxide of Copper 0*25 Total . . . 100-00 a word to The main aim of these pages is to awaken the intelli-gent mariner's attention ; but lest the general reader shouldbe alarmed about the squalls, and fogs, and compoundedatmosphere here necessarily enumerated, we may assurehim—without a reminder that sudden transparency isominous—that he will otherwise meet with brilliant anddiaphanous skies. The atmosphere, for the greater part ofthe year, is so clear, that it gives brilliancy and life to every-thing in view; and the evening tints at such times areequally marvellous and delicious. Most of the Mediter-ranean shores, in the summer months, are subject to awhitish vapour in the sky, softening to a silvery haze, andforming a medium through which all objects present bothdelicate colours and picturesque appearances -, and some-
BEAUTIFUL SKIES. 295
times with the singular property of making headlands, Aerial edifices, and mountains seem more elevated than they
really are ; and this aerial translucence, when influencing
highly rarefied moisture, is the reason why distant objects
appear to be much nearer in fine weather just before the
approach of rain. It was in weather of this description
that, in September, 1822, while at anchor among the
Tremiti Isles, in the Adriatic, we were enabled to see that
singular effect of solar atmosphere, the zodiacal light, with zodiacal striking distinctness, presenting a sloping, luminous pyramid s upwards of 20° above the horizon, 8° or 10° wide at the base

and in such a state of the air, I have frequently enjoyed
glorious views of finely-coloured double stars—as x Herculis,
7 Andromedae, and s Bootis ; and on one occasion the
cluster in the sword-handle of Perseus was surpassingly
gorgeous. A good index of atmospheric modification is found at Malta, which generally affords only a sea-horizon
around ; but in some states of the weather, the summit of Mount Etna becomes distinctly visible, although it is 110 Mount miles distant, and once I must really have seen half of it. The 31st of January, 1822, was a wonderfully clear day,
and that grand volcano so obtrusively perceptible to the
naked eye, that I took its bearing by an azimuth compass
from the tower of the palace, when the rhomb was exactly
N. 27° 12' E. ; and it formed, from the same place, an
angle of 110° 31' with Civita Vecchia church. The climate of Tunis is one of the finest in the world, Tunisian and its air is pure, serene, and wholesome ; the thermometer ranging, in general seasons, from about 45° to 87°, with an average mean temperature of 68'5°; and all the revolutions of the weather, with rare exceptions, are between 2910
and 30*30 inches. During the summer and early autumn,
rain is unusual, but it is looked for towards the middle of October ; and should it not fall till later in the year, a scanty
following harvest is predicted. After the rains have com-
296 WEATHER AT TUNIS.
menced, they continue with great violence for eight or tendays, when hunters for antiquities repair to the manyneighbouring ruins in search of coins and other antiques,Tunisian laid bare by the showers. From thence to the spring, aseasons. fine period for Europeans generally ensues, for the winter—perhaps improperly so called —can only include themonths of December and January, during which freshwinds and heavy rain render the air chilly and raw. Thespring is warm, but hot weather sets in towards the middleof June, and lasts in its fervour till September ; the coasts, however, are attempered by a constant sea-breeze, whichblows from about 9 A.M. to near sunset. Notwithstandingthis corrective, the laud-winds are almost insupportablysultry, and bring with them clouds of fine sand, whichdarken the air, and penetrate into every recess. DuringSdrocco at a scorching scirocco, in Julv, J 822—in which the thermoTunis. & > . J> meter rose to 93° in the afternoon, and fell only to 84° inthe night—one of my seamen, a fine youth, employed onthe Lake of Tunis, was overcome, and fell a corpse in theboat** Navigators making landfalls hereabout in thewinter should be sure of their reckonings in foggy weather,h.m.s. for there is not much sea-room. In July, 1797, the Aigle,a 36-gun frigate, commanded by the late Sir Charles Tyler,ran upon Zembra Island, and was totally wrecked. InEirondeiie. February, 1808, the Hirondelle, a cutter of 14 guns, waslost on this coast, and only four men saved out of a crewof fifty ; and on the 7th and 8th of March, 1821, a heavygale, which ravaged most of the Mediterranean shores, wasso vehement in Tunis Bay, that three frigates, three cor-* Cloudless skies for weeks together, are wearisome enough, and the
trite exclamation of the late Captain Fothergill, may be in point. This
eccentric officer was returning from India, where he had served for years: coming on deck, when entering the English Channel in a foggy Novembermorning, ' Hah,' said he to the lieutenant of the watch, ' this is what I call something like—none of your cursed eternal blue skies here—a fellow cansee his own breath now!' The seasons of Tunis, as above stated, differ fromthose of Labrador ; for according to a remark of the gallant Benbow, still preserved at the Admiralty, he tersely recorded—' There is a winter of nine months, and d d bad weather the other three!'
ALGERIAN WEATHER. 297
vettes, two brigs, and a schooner of war, with about twenty Tunisian sail of merchantmen, were wrecked, and more than 1800 men were drowned. (See page 92.)
Off the hills of the Has Sebah Rus (Seven Capes), the Mountain
. i gusts. headland so greatly dreaded by trading vessels, violent gusts are occasionally felt; but their approach may be
inferred by the descent of light airs in fine weather, shown
in the little playing eddies termed cat's paws.
Algeria
...
has a fine climate and salubrious atmosphere, Seasons at
. Algiers. the winters being mild, and the summers, excepting for an
occasional scorch from the Desert, far from insupportably
hot; insomuch that Dr. Shaw, in the account of his residence there, has said that he found the thermometer
contracted to the freezing point only twice in twelve
years, and then under very unusual circumstances. And
he adds, what is partly confirmed by my own experience,
and partly by information which I collected, that the winds
from the east are common from May to September ; and
that then the westerly winds take place, and become the
most frequent. Sometimes, also, particularly about the
equinoxes, they exert the force and impetuosity which the
ancients have ascribed to the Africus or south-west wind, AMcus. here called Labbetch (Libeccio). ' The winds from the
west, the north-west, and north/ he continues, ' are attended
with fair weather in summer, and with rain in winter. But
the easterly winds (Levanters), no less than the southerly, Levanters, are, for the most part, dry, though accompanied in most
seasons with a thick and cloudy atmosphere. The baro- meter rises to 30^- or 30-^ inches with a northerly wind,
though it be attended with the greatest rains and tempests.
But there is nothing constant or regular in easterly or westerly winds ; though, for three or four months together, in the summer, whether the winds are from one or the
other quarter, the mercury stands at about 30 inches
without the least variation. With the hot southerly winds,
it is rarely found higher than 29-^, which is, also, the
298 THE MAJORCA CARPENTER.
usual indi- ordinary height in stormy, wet weather from the west/These remarks are substantially correct ; but a little closerattention would perhaps have shown the observant "Doctorthat the barometer generally rises with winds from thenorth to the east, and falls with those from the contrarypoints; and that though the range is confined within afew lines, the indications are evident.
winds. Although pregnant with salubrity to the coast inhabitants, the most troublesome winds to seamen are those fromnorth-north-east, north, and north-north-west, which, however, are preceded by an on-shore swell two or three daysbeforehand. Yet, on the Christmas -eve of 1797, theh.m.s. Ha- Hamadryad frigate was surprised by a norther, and litemadryad. rally blown on the beach of Algiers Bay, where she wastotally wrecked. On the 15th of September, 1823, theh.m.s. Ad- Adventure was at anchor off the lighthouse of that place,
venture. rolling prodigiously to the precursing swell, with an overcast sky, and a tremulous barometer. Knowing it was atime to expect hard weather, I asked for a berth withinthe mole ; but finding the Dey disinclined to accede, theanchors were weighed, and we clawed off only just beforea boisterous storm set in, when, as Mr. M'Donnel, ourConsul- General, informed me, eight vessels were lost. Frequency Indeed, so frequently are fragments of wreck strewed about' the several strands, that a gale from the northward is termed 'the Majorca Carpenter/ in allusion to the direction of that island from Algiers.
Charles v. While on this topic, it is advisable to notice the disaster which befel that proud emperor, Charles V., who herereceived a humiliation that must have taught him thevanity of human greatness : and as the principles of meteorology continue the same in all ages, the instance will still be an example in point. The successes of the Algerinecorsairs, and their descents even on the coast of Italy, so alarmed and vexed Pope Paul III., that he earnestly
solicited that potent monarch to gird up his loins against
DISASTER OF CHARLES V. 299
those audacious infidels. The appeal was not made in vain ; Spanish ex- for besides being elated on one side by his victories at
pe Tunis, Charles was nettled on the other by the loss of his
fortress before Algiers, by the indignities heaped upon his governor there, and by the many aggressions committed
against his subjects. A tremendous armada was equipped,
which he determined to command in person ; and that
nothing should be wanting to stimulate zeal, and render the
enterprise both powerful and successful, the pope published a bull, promising a plenary absolution to all such persons
as should embark, and a crown of martyrdom to all who
should fall in the conflict. No fewer than 500 bottoms of its strength, all sorts, including 12Q men-of-war, and 20 of the largest
imperial galleys, were quickly fitted out, and, besides the numerous crews, 30,000 choice troops were put on board. In addition to the regular forces, numbers of the nobility,
knights of Malta, and gentry flocked to the standard, among
whom were some Englishmen, at their own expense ; and
so great was the general confidence, that many ladies also embarked. This mighty fleet, conducted by the famous
Andrea Doria, cast anchor in the Bay of Algiers on the a. Dona. 26th of October, 1541, which was about three months too
late in the year ; for the general depth and exposure of the
bight between the capes of Temedfus and Al-Kanatir,
render it at all times liable to the rolling swells just
mentioned, and in the winter season it is ever notoriously
unsafe. The arrival of such a force threw the corsairs into the conduct of utmost consternation, inasmuch as their best men were at vaded" that moment dispersed in the provinces to collect the annual
tribute. In this dilemma, the Dey behaved with singular
judgment and resolution; and being duly summoned by the
emperor's herald to surrender, with a promise of many
favours if he consented, replied with some humour, that
* he should take the man for a madman who would follow the advice of an enemy/ Meantime, Don Carlos had
300 DISASTER OF CHARLES V.
The land- already experienced the inconvenience of the bay, in beingins. obliged to disembark his troops through a heavy surf, theroughness of which compelled the men to wade ashore, andprecluded the landing of tents and necessaries, whilefrequent falls of rain rendered their situation most comfortless. However, the general spirit was excellent ; eachindividual did his best ; the heights were gained, and theimperial pavillion was pitched on the eminence above thecity, on the spot still called the Emperor's Castle. Herethey maintained an encampment, though furiously assaultedThe sortie, by a sortie of the besieged, until their matches wereextinguished and their powder damped by heavy rains. Now the weather must have presaged a storm from thetime of the armada's bringing to; and had that simplemonitor, the marine barometer, been then in use, the dreadful calamity which ensued might have been avoided, on athirty or forty hours' notice. The observant Doria had,indeed, apprehended the mischief, from various naturalindications, and warned his imperial master ; yet, havingno positive data to adduce, such as would have been affordedby the mercury, the emperor perhaps hoped—and the wish* was father to the hope'—that the fresh breeze then experienced was already at its maximum. However, on thenight of the 28th of October, after the repulse of aThe storm sanguinary sortie had fatigued the whole camp, the galeincreased to a furious hurricane from the north, accompanied by deluges of rain, which threw the unshelteredChristians into the greatest distress, and destroyed almostall their ammunition and provisions. As daylight advanced,a horrible scene opened upon their eyes. The ships in thebay, on which their safety and subsistence depended, wereits ravages, most of them driven from their moorings and bilged ; andboth sea and coast were covered with broken wrecks, spars, goods, and drowned bodies. Thousands of Moors andArabs of both sexes, beholding this destruction, rushed to the sea-side, stripped naked those who gained the shore,
and then speared them without mercy. The number of
MOROCCO WEATHER. 301
square-rigged vessels alone which perished during that Loss of dismal night, was not fewer than 140 ; and many of those
that rode till the morning, fearful of foundering at their anchors, as the storm still raged and the sea rolled home,
slipped and ran aground on the sand between Temedfus and
the Wad Harej, thinking at least to save their lives : but, as soon as the wet and weary multitudes landed, they were inhumanly butchered, being unable to make any resistance Scarcely more than one-third of the armament escaped.*
Morocco is necessarily very warm, but not so much as Climate of
TVrorocco might be expected from its geographical situation; the
interior being cooled by the mountain winds. The coast experiences the alternations of land and sea breezes, while
the climate is at once mild and healthy. The seasons are divided into the dry and the wet, the latter generally being
from November till March. From Algiers along the coast of Morocco, to the Strait of Gibraltar, the winds continue
to follow, in great measure, the direction of the coast ; being Leading
generally from west-south-west round by north to the east; the former being most prevalent in winter, and the latter in summer. Excepting as a land breeze near the shore,
the south wind seldom blows steadily ; though it is occasionally both hot and violent, raising the thermometer
several degrees, and forming a marvellous contrast in its effect on the spirits between a souther and a north-west
wind. Between Melilah and Ceuta, vessels must not be
caught in the bad seasons by a north-easter, which is apt to
rise suddenly, and with a high sea. Breezes from the east often draw round to the south, and are sometimes—especially
in the autumnal months—immediately followed by a west wind : the westerly winds, if light, are accompanied by Weather in- dications, fine clear weather, as before described ; but when strong,
* In this gale, the sanguinary Hernando Cortez lost all the matchless
jewels with which he hoped to have bought a return to the Emperor's favour.
It is an ill wind that does no good !
302 DAMAGE BY LIGHTNING.
they are cloudy, with a high sea ; and if in winter theyveer to the north, accompanied by a swell from that quarter, a brisk gale may be looked for. The weather is treacherousin the winter season, and should therefore be watched : in February, 1799, two vessels of war belonging to the Bashaof Tripoli were wrecked in Tetuan bay, when such was thedriving sea, that only twenty-one men were saved of theh.m.s. two crews ; and in November, 1801, the Utile, sloop-ofUtile. war of 14 guns, commanded by Captain Canes, founderedin a heavy storm, on her passage from Gibraltar to Malta,when all her crew and passengers were lost.
§ 3. Damage by Lightning.
THUS far on Mediterranean weather, the various branchesof which are all and severally exhibited therein underElectric dis- energy and effect. But of all the detriments to Britain's bulwarks and maritime life, none is more^ dreadful, whenthe sudden juncture breaks upon us, than lightning. Bythis term seamen do not mean those lambent displays ofelectricity which appear in sheets or balls, and are unat-tended with danger : they emphatically apply, it to the full development of opposite electricities in commotion, withunbalanced fury flying at beast, man, tree, tower, and ship.
Yet by the aid of experimental philosophy, this mighty andsubtle agent is now all but reduced to the careful seaman'scommand ; for though it would be desirable to avoid thecontact of electric fluid under any circumstances, its powerscan be regulated and restrained in their devious course bymetallic conductors. This, indeed, forms one of the proudestmental and practical feats of comparatively our own times : and the Roman emperor who proclaimed a reward to theinventor of a new pleasure, should have been by the side of
Franklin. Franklin when he first enjoyed the gratification of drawingthe lightning from the clouds, in order to witness the dis- parity between material and intellectual enjoyment. But
LIGHTNING COMMITTEE. 303
how would Franklin's triumph have been enhanced, could
he have dreamt of the almost countless wonders to which he Electric opened the way, as now performed by galvanism and all the
various branches of amenable electricity —to measuring
time, annihilating distance, and making lightning convey
our very words through sea and over land from one end of the world to the other. Since my return to England, this question has attracted a Com- the strict attention of Government, and a Committee was pointed, appointed by the Admiralty to inquire into it, under par- liamentary authority. On this occasion, I was applied to
officially as to certain rumours they had heard. My reply was printed in the House of Commons' Keport ; but as seamen are not often in the habit of consulting those costly
blue folios, I shall here insert it :

Bedford, 7th June, 1839.
Sir,—In answer to your letter of the 5th instant, I beg to state, that about the end of September, 1824, writing from memory, His Majesty's ships H.M. ships Phaeton and Adventure were moored inside the mole at Gibraltar, when a
Phaeton
violent thunder storm took place. I was writing in my cabin in the evenventUre ing, but was interrupted by a startling crash, followed by a cry of ' The
Phaeton's on fire.' I instantly ran upon deck, turned up the hands, veered away upon the fasts, hove-in the bower-cables, and manned the boats ; but
the flames were quickly extinguished, principally, Captain Sturt told me, by
the cool exertions of one of his men, who was therefore expressly recom- mended. Her foremast, I understood, was rent from the truck to the
deck, some sails and rigging were set on fire, and several seamen struck down.On this occasion, the Adventure's conductor was rigged, but the Phaeton was unprotected. The vessels were about a cable's length apart, and they were the only ships there. Many of my people felt a kind of electric shock more than once that night, but we did not sustain the slightest damage.
My own opinion of the conducting power of metallic wires, and there- Conductors,
fore the vast utility of lightning conductors, indifferent as their construction and adaptation seemed to be, was very strong in their favour ; and I have
laboured hard to propagate this feeling, in opposition to the notion of their being dangerous, from attracting the lightning; an opinion which cannot but be deemed absurd, since it infers that the masts, and not the ship, form
a point in the electrified surface. Indeed, it would be a comfort to the ser- vice, as well as an amazing saving in spars, canvas, and gear, were the laws and indications of meteorology more strictly attended to. During many years passed at sea, I had known of several disasters occa- sioned by lightning, and also of various ships being struck, and escaping
destruction as if by a miracle. This led me so to consider the subject, that,
in my written orders, the officer of the watch wan directed, whenever the
304 CONTRADICTORY OPINIONS.
Precautions weather appeared threatening, whether at sea or in port, to hoist the conadopted. duct;0I^ which was kept, not in a store-room, but in a box fixed to the stool of the after main-topmast backstay ; and both officers and men were carefully instructed to place it so that the spindle should be well above the truck, and
the chain carried into the water, clear of the cross-trees, top, and channels, by outriggers.* Under these precautions I feel a confidence tantamount to conviction, that at least the spars of His Majesty's ship under my command were saved
in several severe thunder-storms which she encountered in the Gulf of Lyons,
the Adriatic and Ionian Seas, and in the Lesser Syrtis, the electric fluid having been seen to descend the chain, and pass overboard into the sea, without damage to the ship. H.M.S. I happened to be on board the Queen, of 74 guns, when an electric dis- Queen. charge shivered her main-topmast to chips, and fatally damaged her mainmast, in the harbour of Messina, in 1815. On this occasion I remarked to
Sir Charles Penrose, who had his flag flying on board her, that the amount
of injury now inflicted would supply all the ships on the station with light- ning conductors. If I remember rightly, this ship carried the useless and
dangerous appendage of a spindle upon her truck. —I have, &c,
W. H. Smyth, Captain R.N.
To Waller Clifton, Esq., Secretary to the Lightning Committee.
Conflicting In this inquiry, as in the case of very many others, it evidence may be seen how difficult it is to get at the fact when nonotes are taken at the time. From the conversation whichtook place between Sir Charles Penrose and myself, whenI made the remark just related, it is obvious that there could have been no conductor up when the Queen wasCapt. Bird, struck. But on the Committee's application to CaptainBird, who was a midshipman on board that ship, he stated that ' he was pretty sure it was up, and his shipmate, Mr.Bisson, thought the same/ Such contradictory evidence was baffling to inquiry ; and the Committee then applied to
Admiral the present Admiral Coode, who was captain of the Queenat the time, and he most distinctly replied that they werenot up, because ' the Admiral, whose flag he had the honourto be under, had an objection to using the imperfect ones then supplied to the navy/
* I ought here to have added, that I further directed, if the top-gallant masts were struck, that the back-stays should not be sheep- shanked, but
stoppered down to their respective stools.
CASUALTIES BY LIGHTNING. 305
The labours of the Committee terminated in a full conviction of the utility of conductors, when handled properly,
and of the great advantage which would result to the public
from adopting those fitted on the plau of Mr. William Snow Sir w- s -
. . . Harris. Harris, with whom I have been long in communication

this able electrician was knighted shortly afterwards, and
pensioned for his skill. Many instances of damage by the
electric fluid to our Mediterranean fleet are recorded in the
preceding pages ; yet the value of the adoption, both as to life and treasure, may be still more enforced by submitting the
following list of the casualties which occurred during the
time of my service on that most important of our fleet stations. Inference also points out that the electric fluid has destroyed various vessels to which the term ' missing
5 has been applied ; and I well remember the Malta go- vernment-packet Blucher sailing for the Ionian Islands at The the beginning of 1816, in a thunderstorm ; —she was never heard of afterwards.
Name. Ajax . .
Albion
Apollo .
Barfleur
Hlake . .
Buzzard
Chanticleer
Guns.
74
74
71
10
10
Date. Remarks.
June, 1811 . ... Off Gorgona. Main-topmast shivered by
the lightning, and mainmast disabled. This ship was again struck off Toulon,
in 1813.
Dec. 1818 . ... At Malta. Mainmast struck, and one man killed. The mainyard was also wounded. (I was told of an alarming
rumbling in the hold, which continued
for several seconds.) Aug. 1811 . ... Mediterranean station. Spars wounded,
but the particulars not correctly ascer- tained. The cabin bellwires were fused.
Oct. 1813 . ... Off Toulon. Fore-topmast shivered, fore- mast damaged, light-room windows of fore-magazine shattered, and its door
forced open. The danger was imminent.
March, 1812 ... Coast of France. Main-topgallaut-mast
shivered, the lower rigging set on fire, and two men hurt. (This made Captain Codrington so warm an advocate for conductors, that he told me he would
never go to sea again without one.) Sept.\$\2 . ... Off Minorca. Lost main- topmast and top- gallant-mast, mainmast wounded, and
starboard pump split. Oct. 1822 . ... At anchor before Corfu. The mainmast
shivered from the truck to the deck, and the latter covered with chips and
splinters.
306 CASUALTIES BY LIGHTNING.
Name. Cumberland
Cumberland
Eagle . .
Eagle . .
Guns. Date. 74 ... Aug. 1810
74 ... Sept. 1810
74 ... Nov. 1811
74 .. Jan. 1812
Eagle
Fredericksteen
HiBERNIA . .
Kent . . .
74 ... Jan. 1812
32 March, 1812
120 ... Aug. 1813
74 ... July, 1811
Larne .
Leviathan
Ocean
Orlando
Phaeton
74
46
Feb. 1820
Oct. 1812
Sept. 1813
Jan. 1813
Sept. 1824
PH03NIX
POMONE
... Feb. 1816
Nov. 1811
Remarks. Faro of Messina. Mainmast struck by
lightning, the upper spars shivered, andthe main-top set on fire. Faro of Messina. The ship again struck within a week of the above accident, andthe spars disabled. Several of the menexperienced a temporary blindness. In the Adriatic. The lightning struck the
foremast, and wounded one man. Someof the gear was damaged.
Off Ante-Paxo. Lightning struck the mainmast, burst off one of the hoops, and wounded ten men.
Off Corfu. Mainmast twice struck, andset on fire. The rigging and spars damaged, and Captain Rowley with many men were knocked down.
In the Piraeus. Fore and mainmastsstruck, other spars damaged, and twoseamen stunned. Gulf of Foz. Foremast and main-topmast
damaged, two men wounded, and manyexperienced electrical shocks. Off Toulon. Mainmast ruined, mizen- mast shattered, and the whole of the
spars damaged. One man killed andseveral scorched. (On going on board
this ship soon afterwards, I was told byLieutenant Lord Napier—a warm advocate for conductors—that many menwere slightly affected by the electric agency.)
Off Corfu. Slight damage to the spars and gear. Several men knocked down,
one killed on the spot, one died soon
after. Gulf of Lyons. Main-topmast rent by the
lightning, and the mainmast slightly damaged. At anchor off the Ehone. Main-topmast
split in pieces, and mainmast damaged.
Obliged to return to Port Mahon, andthereby weaken the fleet under Sir Edward Pellew. At Smyrna. Main-topmast and topgallant- mast destroyed, and mainmast wounded.
Several men hurt. Ship obliged to go
to Malta to refit. Gibraltar. Foremast shivered from the
truck to the deck, and set on fire. Several men struck down. Other spars, and several sails, greatly injured. (See my letter to the Lightning Committee, page 303.) Archipelago. Mainmast much damaged, and three men hurt. Wrecked shortly afterwards. Off Tavolaro. Fore and mainmasts
struck; main-royal burned. One mankilled and four wounded.
CASUALTIES BY LIGHTNING. 307
Name. POMPEE . . . Guns.
80
Queen . . . 74
Redpole 10 Repulse 74
Resistance . ... 44
Royal George ... 100
San Josef . .
Scipion . . .
Sultan . .
Swiftsube
112
74
74
Union
Unite
9 8
36
Warrior
Ville de Paris
Date. Remarks.
Oct. 1812 . ... Gulf of Lyons. Fore and main-topmasts
disabled, main-topgallant-mast splint- ered. One man killed, three wounded, and several stunned. March, 1815 ... Messina harbour. Main-topmast destroyed, mainmast damaged, and main-deck beam injured. Obliged to return to Malta. (See my letter to the Committee, page 303.)
Oct. 1822 . ... Corfu. Main-topgallant-mast injured, and
one man partially deprived of sight. April, 1810 . ... Coast of Catalonia. Ship struck twice. Mainmast splintered from the truck to the deck. Seven seamen and a boy killed, three mortally wounded, and ten more
or less hurt. June, 1811 . ... OffGorgona. Mainmast damaged and set on fire ; main-topmast and topgallant mast destroyed. Two or three bulk-heads smashed.
Sept. 1813 . ... Off Toulon. Particulars not ascertained from the log-book ; but many men
knocked down, and others stunned.
Sept. 1813 . ... Mouth of the Rhone. Main-topmast and
topgallant-mast shivered, and some gear
injured. Deck covered with splinters and chips. Aug. 1813 . ... Off Toulon. Main-topmast shivered, and mainmast damaged. Obliged to quit the fleet to refit. Sept. 1812 . ... Off Tavolara, Sardinia. Mainmast, top- mast, and topgallant-mast split in pieces, and some gear set on fire. She had
been struck off Mahon before this, when
seven men were killed and three wounded
whilst furling the jib. Sept. 1813 . ... At anchor off the Rhone. Main-topmast
shivered to pieces, and several men
much affected by the electric agency. (An officer assured me that ' a very
little more might have created a panic.')
Sept. 1813 . ... Off Toulon. Main-topmast shivered in
pieces, and much gear damaged. A
marine had his sight injured, and several men were stunned.
June, 1811 . ... Off Gorgona, in company with the Ajax and Resistance {which see above). Fore and
main-masts ruined, upper spars shivered
in splinters. Many men badly hurt, and
one lost overboard. Aug. 1810 . ... At Messina. Ship sharply struck, but
particulars not ascertained. (Captain Spranger told me it was an alarming
shock.)
Oct. 1811 . ... Off Toulon. Mainmast shivered and ruined from the truck to the deck, the rigging damaged, five men hurt, and much other damage. (In the Rodney, we were close to this ship, when the accident oc- curred.) x 2
308 RESULTS BY SIR W. SNOW HARRIS.
Ratio per
mensem.
Times of
liability.
These are the casualties of a comparatively short spaceof time, and which happened to ships with which I wasacquainted ; but had I had leisure for a further examinationof the log-books at the Admiralty, I could probably have givenmore. Sir W. S. Harris, taking a larger range, has arrivedat some very important results ; and he kindly handed methe following details, deduced from sixty-five vessels struckby lightning in the Mediterranean :

Months. January
February March . April
May
June
Ships struck.
. 7
. 6
Months. July
August
September
October November
December .
Ships struck.
. 3
. 4
. 11
. 10
. 6
. 5 And the times of being struck, he thus tabulates, the hoursin the following enumeration being inclusive :

Hours. Vessels struck. 12 a.m. to 12 p.m 27
12 p.m. to 12 a.m 45
6 a.m. to 6 p.m 37
6 p.m. to 6 a.m 33
12 a.m. to 6 p.m 14
12 p.m. to 6 a.m 21
6 a.m. to 12 a.m 29
6 p.m. to 12 p.m 15 From these elaborated results, it appears that liabilityto lightning is greatest in the autumnal months ; and thatabout three-tenths of the whole number of cases have occurredbetween midnight and sunrise. But it is also evident, thatthe chance of damage is greatest between sunrise and noon,upwards of four-tenths occurring in that quarter of the day; and least between mid-day and sunset. By a laborious in-vestigation, Sir William also arrived at the following generaldeductions :

The liability of lightning to strike on any given point appears to be asfollows :

In 2 out of 3 times it strikes upon the topgallant-mast or highest point.
1 in 5 „ „ topmast or next highest point.
1 in 7 ,, ,, lower mast or next highest point.
1 in 50 „ ,, hull directly.
RESULTS BY SIR W. SNOW HARRIS, 309
From this it may be inferred, that the electrical discharge is occa- other de- sionally determined towards ships in directions more or less oblique to the ductions. masts and hull. The liability of lightning to fall on one or more of the masts simultaneously, is as follows :

In 2 out of 3 instances, a ship is struck by lightning on the mainmast.
1 in 5 times ,, ,, foremast.
1 in 20 „ ,, ,, mizen-mast.
1 in 200 ,, ,, ,, jib-boom.
1 in 6 instances the yards and sails are struck together with the masts. A ship may be struck by lightning on the fore and mainmasts about
the same time, or on the main and mizen-masts at the same time, or even
on all three masts simultaneously, but in no case on the fore and mizen- masts simultaneously, independent of the mainmast.
In such cases lightning has fallen on the fore and mainmasts together, iu about once in 20 times ; on the main and mizen-masts together, once in 40
times ; on all the masts, once in about 200 times. During the progress of my inquiries and experiences, permanent Harris's permanent lightning-conductors had not been incon uc ors' vented, or I should have eagerly embraced his beautiful
principle. But I cannot better close this section than by
giving the opinion of Captain Robert Fitzroy thereupon.
' During the five years the Beagle was occupied in her
voyage, she was frequently exposed to lightning, but never
received the slightest damage, although supposed to have
been struck by it on at least two occasions, when—at the
instant of a vivid flash of lightning, accompanied by a crash- ing peal of thunder—a hissing sound was heard on the masts ; and a strange, though very slightly tremulous motion
in the ship indicated that something unusual had happened/
310
PART IV.
OF THE SURVEYS AND GEOGKAPHICAL INVESTIGATIONS OF THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA.
§ 1. Early Ages.
Archaic
notices.
Jacob.
A MONG the indefinite traces of the early origin of navi-£*- gation, it is perceptible that maritime commercial inter-course of one nation with another on a considerable scale first took place on the shores of the Mediterranean ; and to thespirit and enterprise of the Phoenicians, or Canaanites, mustprobably be assigned the merit of being the primaeval traders,a consequence of their progressive steps in civilization. Unfortunately, this great people have not transmitted anywritings to us, but their merchants are mentioned in Scrip-ture as equal to princes, and it is clear that for many agesthey had no rivals in navigation; whence they acquired ahigh degree of opulence while the rights and duties of com-munity were still only dawning in Greece. It is probabletha{ the Phoenicians supplied the Hebrews and Semiticpeople with foreign commodities, for there must have beena taste for inland traffic in Palestine. This is shown in theonly authentic history of that very remote period whichhas descended to us ; wherein the existence of early caravantraffic is exemplified in the sale of Joseph by his brethren.But as to trading by sea—though express allusion to suchintercourse is made in the death-bed prophecy of Jacob toZebulon (Genesis, xlix. 13), about 1700 years before ourera—it was so long before the Hebrews became sailors, that
PRIMITIVE STEPS. 311
there is no distinct indication of international sea-commerce
before the time of Solomon, and even his fleets were navigated by, and perhaps hired from, the men of Tyre. Meantime, the Egyptians, from a superstitious aversion to venture
afloat, took an utter dislike to all maritime expeditions.
The Phoenicians, though deprived of a part of their Phoenician
, x . n trade and territory by J osnua, are seen in various fragments ot ancient wealth, writers, not only to have traded with Cyprus, Rhodes,
Greece, Sardinia, Gaul, and Spain, but also to have ventured beyond the Pillars of Hercules 1250 years before
Christ ; and the extent of their undertakings is well shown,
in the enumeration of the goods and articles which consti- tuted the riches of Tyre in Ezekiel's time (b.c. 500). Ezekiei. Thenceforward the spirit of commerce was lighted up in Carthage, Greece, and Rome : extending to their colonies,
and the barbarian nations around the inner sea; where it flourished, though under many vicissitudes, through the
classic and middle ages, and from them to the present
times. But this torrent of commercial prosperity has subsided to a gentle stream: in other words, from having
engrossed and monopolized the trade of all the ports of the
then known world, it has spread over the whole globe, fostered by the progress of art, science, and civilization. The dis- change of covery and colonization of the magnificent continents of America, and the opening of the ocean-route to India, pro- duced an important change in the commercial intercourse between Europe and the East, as well as a great increase
in its magnitude, by avoiding the enormous cost of con- veying by land the commodities of India to the shores
of a sea where neither periodical winds, nor available currents, offer facilities for expeditious navigation. The route by sea superseded the traffic by land, and revolutionized the
intercommunication of the whole world ; so that the important trade which had passed for nearly .3000 years through
the Mediterranean, collapsed to nearly its present state. It will hence be seen, that as the metre internum was Remark.
commerce
312 JOSHUA'S SPIES.
Early sur- veys.
Moses.
Joshua.
Homer.
so long and unceasingly traversed by triremes, galleys,
argosies, and every description of shipping which war orcommerce demanded, the wish for an accurate knowledge of its coasts and harbours would gather strengthfrom necessity, so as to be continually more and moredesirable ; and accordingly, from the earliest dawn of nautical and geographical efforts, directions for the coastingnavigation of the Mediterranean have been collected andevulgated. It will, therefore, be of interest to cast a glanceover the successive steps by which an advance has beenmade from primitive efforts to our present approximateperfection ; more especially as no other portion of the globewas examined through so many ages—insomuch that it may fairly be reiterated

Nullum est sine nomine saxum. Charts, or delineations resembling them, however rude,were probably coeval with the earliest navigation of thoseshores, and the primitive essays of geographical delineation.Moses, so far back as 1500 years before our era, laid downwith considerable precision, the boundaries, mountains,cities, and towns in the Holy Land: and after him, hissuccessor, Joshua, despatched some selected men especiallyappointed, to gather such information as to form an intel- ligible report of the principal features of the country.' Go and walk through the land/ said the son of Nun, ' anddescribe it, and come again to me, that I may here castlots for you before the Lord in Shiloh/ It may be assumedthat the Hebrews had acquired this branch of knowledgeduring their Egyptian bondage, since it is known to havebeen cultivated immemorially in the valley of the Nile,but especially in Upper Egypt: and Apollonius Rhodiusexpressly states, that the Argonauts—upwards of 1200years before our era—derived their hydrography from thesame source. The geographical information of the Greeksin the time of Homer (about B.C. 900) may be inferredfrom his writings, by which we find that he knew something
HOMER AND HESIOD. 313
of Egypt and Lybia, and the Erembi, or Arabs ; but bis knowledge was only general, except among the Cyclades,
and their immediate neighbourhood. In his description of the shield of Achilles, the earth was figured as a disc sur- rounded by a flowing ocean (literally river-ocean), like an
egg in a vessel of water; or Job's c thick darkness a swaddling band for it' (xxxviii. 9). Some imagine that
these waters were only intended to represent the Mediterranean, because the stars described represent its situation
in the northern hemisphere.
From Hesiod some geographical hints are obtained, Hesiod. by which a further trace of knowledge will be observed. In his time the centre of Greece was considered as the
centre of the earth, and Sicily was so distant, as only to be
just known as the land of wonders; while to the north all was fable beyond the Euxine ; and such was the state of Mediterranean navigation, that none but pirates ventured,
at the risk of their lives, to steer directly across from Crete
to Lybia. Thucydides (I. 3 & 4) asserts that it was not till Thucydidea. the use of the sea had opened free communication among
them, that the Greeks ever acted in joint confederacy, and
that the Trojan war was the first instance of such union:
yet he adds that Minos was master of a navy, with which
he cleared the Cyclades of pirates, for the more secure con- veyance of his own tributes. Now, though these sea-rovers were wont to land and surprise unfortified places and scat- tered villages, there must also have been laden vessels to
rob. However, from the siege of Troy, it seems that the
Mediterranean was common and open to all men, till the
time of the Emperor Justinian; whence it was, that the
Roman laws granted an action against any person who
should molest another in the free navigation and fishing
therein. The Greeks extended their practical geography by the Tho Greeks, system of colonization, and their maritime movements were
aided by the sea-cards of the Phoenicians; they appear
314 CLASSIC SURVEYS.
however, to have soon surpassed their teachers, by intro- ducing regularity into the pursuit, and establishing it uponThaies. stable principles. Thales taught the sphericity of the earth
;
Anaximan- and his disciple, Anaximander, the Milesian, is considered
der. by Agathemer as having compiled the first scheme of geographical tables, 550 years B.c. According to Greek reports,
he also constructed the first map of the world ; but had notthe books of the Carthaginians been destroyed, we mighthave had a different account. Herodotus (Terpsichore,
49) particularly mentions a tablet of copper (x^Aksos- vma%),
Aristagoras. which was shown by Aristagoras, the rebel prince of Miletus,
to Cleomenes, king of Sparta (b.c. 495), upon which wasengraved (svst£t/x7jto) the circuit of the whole earth, the sea, and all the rivers: and from an anecdote related by iElian(V. H. iii. 28), we may gather that about a century after
this time maps were used for public information at Athens;
Socrates, for when Socrates wished to humble the vanity of Alcibiades, he pointed to a table of the world, (ttivxkiov e%ov <yns KEpiodov) which hung up, and bid him look for Attica, andthen examine his own fields there. Herodotus (Thalia,First nauti- S135) also details the fitting out of a nautical exploratorycal survey.
. expedition, by order of Darius, son of Hystaspes: it consisted of two triremes and a large transport, under thedirection of fifteen Persians of approved reputation, orknown ability, whose orders were to examine the sea-coasts and emporia of Greece most carefully. When they hadreached it, inspected and delineated (asreypatpovro) its mostimportant places, they passed over to Tarentum in Italy,
where the surveyors were seized as spies, and the ruddersof their vessels unshipped. As Joshua's party executed thefirst cadastral map, and Hanno's may be deemed the earliest voyage of discovery, so this expedition may be consideredas the earliest maritime survey on record.
Scyiax. A work which immediately followed the above-mentioned expedition, deserves especial mention, since it is thevery prototype of sailing directories for the Mediterranean.
CLASSIC SURVEYS. 315
It was a periplus for the guidance of navigators, compiled
by Scylax, the Carian geographer, somewhat irreverently
dubbed Darius's pilot. This work, which has come down
to us, though in a corrupted state, is a brief enumeration
of the countries along the shores of the Palus Mseotis, the
Euxine, the Archipelago, the Adriatic, and all the Mediterranean ; it commences with the Strait of Gibraltar, and
proceeding along the coasts of Iberia and Gaul, round by
the Islands and Levant, returns to the same point, and
then describes the western coast of Africa, along the
Atlantic as far as Cerne—the last portion being evidently
borrowed from the Periplus of Hanno.*
Considering the state of information in his day, Hero- Herodotus, dotus was himself one of the most valuable geographers of remote antiquity ; and he boldly declared that the Mediterannean, the Atlantic, and the Erythraean Sea, were but
parts of one ocean ; but that the Caspian is a distinct sea, communicating with no other. Respecting the dimensions
of this inland sheet of water, he says—' A swift-oared boat
would measure its length in fifteen days, and its extreme
breadth in eight/ (Clio, § 203.) These measures were
rejected by his successors ; and it was not till the eighteenth
century that the Caspian re-assumed the form which the
Father of History had given it. Both Xenophon and his Xenophon.
great contemporary, Hippocrates, made considerable addi- Hippo- tions to the physical and moral knowledge of geography;
but Aristotle's was the master-mind which sought inference Aristotle, from all available materials. Thus, reasoning on the hypothesis of the earth's being a sphere, he concluded that Spain
must be a place of departure for the Indies ; an idea
which—with all its imperfections of distance—must be
pronounced the first suggestion of a voyage across the
* Timosthenes, Admin] of the Fleet to Ptolemy Philadelphia in the Red Sea, wrote an express treatise on sea-ports, of which Pliny has pre- served a few fragments. Pausanias, one of the last of the ancient topographers, also throws light on the shores of Greece.
316 GREEK SURVEYORS.
Eudoxu3.
Nearchus.
Patroclus.
Ancient
charto- graphy
Dicaearchus,
Egyptian
surveys
Atlantic, notwithstanding the honour has been claimed for that clever adventurer, Eudoxus of Cyzicus. Thus, althoughas yet but few traces of mathematical accuracy crop out, weperceive that geography had made a considerable advance
;
for coasting charts, as well as itinerary maps, became indis- pensable to the leaders of naval and military expeditions.
Insomuch that Alexander the Great, himself no mean geographer, dispatched his admirals, Nearchus and Onesicritus,
for maritime and hydrographical purposes, and also employedDiognetus of Baeton to survey the countries through whichhe passed ; from whose documents the writers of thefollowing ages took many particulars. Seleucus, one ofAlexander's successors, sent Patroclus, the admiral of hisfleet, on several maritime explorations.
But though we infer that science was assuming a newface and form, it is difficult to trace the gradual approach toany tolerable success in the art of chartography. We knownothing of the style of the illustrations above mentioned ; and the inscribed columns of Sesostris, as well as thedepicted conquests of Ptolemy Evergetes, may have beenrather relations and descriptions than maps or charts. Weare told, indeed, that Theophrastus died possessed of certainmaps of the world; and that Dicaearchus of Messina, inSicily, his contemporary, executed the drawings of somecoast surveys which he had made in Greece, the plottingof which, as Agathemer observes, was bounding the landby a simple straight line (to[aw suQsioc aytparoo), wherefore hemust take rank as the first chart-maker that we know of. This surveyor was in great estimation for accuracy, andCicero (Ep. ad Atticus, I. vi. c. 2) thus commends him:—' I have supposed that all the cities of the Peloponnesuswere maritime, upon the strength of no obscure authority,but such a one as you approve of, I mean the geographyof Dicaearchus/ But though we are unable to ascertain theamount of their merit in mapping, the labours undertakenby the early geographers, and their approach to truth, may
EGYPTIAN ART. 317
be estimated from various fragments of historic record: and it is not a little surprising that the ancient Egyptians —who travelled neither by land nor sea—should have made
a trigonometrical survey of their country with such exactness, that we are at a loss to surmise the means by
which they acquired so much precision. It is true that among their priests was one styled the Sacred Scribe, or Sacred Hiero-grammatist, whose qualifications are supposed to have
included astronomy, cosmography, the chorography of Egypt, and everything concerning the Nile ; yet we marvel
how a man could become thus qualified unless there were both instruments and maps. The partial distances,
by means of which the early writers, and among others,
Herodotus, have given the complete length of Egypt, are taken in nearly a straight line ; so that between Pelusium
and Syene was a distance of 7° 37' 7" by the ancient observations, which differs only T^Trd part from that ascertained
by the moderns, which amounts to 7° 38' \o".
Meantime maps and itineraries were objects of the Roman
survGvs greatest solicitude among the Romans, and that politic
people exhibited painted representations of the conquered
countries at their triumphal pageants. Polybius dwells on
the care with which they plotted the countries through
which it was likely that Hannibal would pass, at the
beginning of the second Punic war ; and no fact is better known, than that Julius Csesar gave the idea which produced Julius the Antonvne Itinerary, in having ordered a survey of the
whole Roman empire.* Arrian, named the second Xeno- Arrian. phon, was employed by Hadrian—himself an experienced
traveller—to examine the shores and trading places of the
Black Sea, then considered by navigators to be a voyage of DO small difficulty; and the rispnrXouq Eu^iwu Ylovrou—or
* From the familiar mention by Ovid (Fasti vi. 277) of the globe, ' Arte
Syracosia suspensus in aere clauso,' it would appear that the Archimedean
glass orb was not forgotten in Rome.
318 ROMAN SURVEYORS.
Arrian's Euxine.
Vegetius.
circumnavigation of the Euxine Sea—shows his fitness for that purpose. We are at a loss to know how he made themeasurements by which his coast distances were ascertained
;
but in the storm which compelled him, after much dis- tressful suffering, to bear up for Athense, one of his vessels being wrecked, he expressly tells the Emperor {'page 117,Ed. Blancard), that everything on board was saved, notthe crew and furniture only, but also 'the nautical instru- ments/ This—should ra (mtv/i roc voivtikcz mean anythingbeyond tackling—would imply that there were scientific tools in each of his ships, and, of course, trained mentouse them. Indeed, there must have been a sort of engineercorps in the Roman forces, for Vegetius (lib. iii. cap. 6), inshowing the importance of obtaining the exact topographyof every seat of war, adds, ' We are told that the greatestgenerals have carried their precautions on this head so far, that not satisfied with the simple description of the countrywherein they were engaged, they caused plans to be takenof it on the spot, that they might regulate their marchesby the eye with greater safety ;' a duty which would hardlybe imposed on the uninstructed. The well-known line ofPropertius indicates that men studied the material worldfrom painted forms

Cogor et e tabula pictos ediscere mundos. One of the completesfc surveys of the Roman empire wasbegun and finished in the reign of Antoninus, and is wellAntoninus known as his Itinerary, before alluded to ; the maritime part of which shows the want of skill in the Mediter-ranean seamen of that epoch. All the ports which it wasnecessary to touch at in sailing from Achaia to Africa areenumerated, and how the mariners were to drag their coursealong the land to the west coast of Sicily, before they tooktheir departure to the south. This itinerary was drawn upwith all the labour and skill then procurable, and was es- teemed a work of no common excellence ; but it has pro-bably suffered from errors of transcription.
Pius.
THE SCIENCE OF GEOGRAPHY. 319
The true science of geography, however, lingered through state of it • • science. an infancy of unwonted tediousness, since it received but
little improvement from the time of Thales to the establish- ment of the famous school of Alexandria. To be sure, Meton narrowly missed obtaining the latitude of Athens, by Meton. a solstitial observation in June, 432 B.C. ; and Pytheas, the Pytheas. intrepid navigator of the North Sea, scientifically surveyed
Lipara and Strongyle (Vet. Scholiast, ad Apollon. Rod.
I. iv. v. 761), and actually determined the summer solstice at Massilia (Marseilles) by means of a gnomon 120 parts
in height, the shadow being 42 parts all but one-fifth; that
is, the two lengths were to each other as 600 to 209—pro- portions which gave 70° 47' for the solar altitude. Although,
by its doubt of the spherical form of the earth, the science
of Herodotus is entitled to but small respect, still he must Herodotus, be allowed to have promoted it greatly, from the subject
and number of his communications : these were drawn from
his own observations in his various travels, and the accounts
given by other travellers, in all of which—especially where
he had the advantage of writing from what he saw himself —there is a strong vein of sound and sensible observation. But Eratosthenes—surnamed ' Surveyor of the Earth'— Eratosi
• thenes. introduced a regular and solid system into geography,
which, though deficient, was yet a great advance : he formed
a consistent parallel of latitude, by tracing a line over certain
places where the solstitial shadow was observed to be of the same length, as from Gibraltar through the island of Rhodes,
through Taurus in Lycia, and over Syria to the Indies. From the central position of this line, with respect to the then
known parts of the world, it became a standard of reference for the period ; and the imperfect determination of places by ratio of climate, which had been widely adopted, was superseded
by the method of observing the duration of their longest and
shortest days. Erastosthenes also traced the first approach
to a regular meridian, by means of an imaginary line passing
through Rhodes and Alexandria, as far as Syene and Meroe

320 THE SCIENCE OF GEOGRAPHY.
and it is not improbable that his suggestions were useful toAgathar- Agatharcides, his contemporary and successor as Presidentof the Alexandrian library, during the survey of theErythraean Sea.
Hipparchus. The next grand step was taken by Hipparchus, theablest of ancient astronomers, who transferred the celestiallatitudes and longitudes to the terrestrial globe, and intro-duced the stereographic projection. But the excellent conditions thus pointed out by science, were so little attendedto until the days of Ptolemy, that Strabo, the prime geographer of the Augustan age, considered them as perplexingand unfit for ordinary use ; while Yitruvius and Pliny
whose geography, nevertheless, is both full and curious—never give the least hint of their existence. Thus the true principles lay dormant, till the celebratedPtolemy. Ptolemy revived them 250 years afterwards, and appliedboth latitude and longitude to such itineraries, nauticalsurveys, and other materials as he could collect, drawn fromobservations which were of course less accurate than theprinciples upon which they were founded : in a word, thisHis merits, energetic geographer taught the projections on the plane ofthe meridian as the readiest method for arranging a mapof the earth, in which the equator and parallels are arcs ofcircles, and the meridians arcs of ellipses, the eye hangingover the plane of that meridian which passes over themiddle of the inhabited world. These were great stridestowards the elevation of geography to a place among theexact sciences; and in the then state of practical mathematics, geometry, and astronomy, as well as the defectiveconstruction of the instruments in use, it was hardly to beexpected that precision could possibly be attained. Wemay, therefore, rather feel regret than surprise that he fell His errors, into many and great errors; such as his flattening-in thenorth coast of Africa to the amount of 4^° to the south inthe latitude of Carthage, while Byzantium was placed 2° tothe north of its true position, thus increasing the breadth
PTOLEMY'S GRAVE ERROR. 321
of that very sea where we should expect his greatest accuracy. Nor was this all: for the extreme length of the
Mediterranean was carried to upwards of 20° beyond its real limits. Ptolemy trusted, it seems, chiefly to Marinus Marinus of of Tyre, as able a geographer as ignorance of astronomy
yre' permitted, but still a broken reed to lean upon ; and though
he adopted the Tyrian's division of space into degrees and
their parts, he had an erroneous system of projection and
graduation. After his time there was a long period barren
in discovery and commercial enterprise, and his geography was the standard guide until long after the revival of
learning. As Ptolemy assigned 700 stadia for a degree of
latitude, his errors were not so great in that ordinate as in
his attempts at longitude: yet it should not be forgotten that his gravest mistake, in bringing China near to Europe,
proved eventually, as was remarked by D'Anville, the D'Anviiie's efficient cause of the greatest discovery of the moderns, by
leading Columbus to reckon upon sixty degrees less than
the real distance from Spain to India. But was not Aristotle (see page 315) the true precursor?
As the ancients possessed no means for critically strabo. measuring horizontal angles, and were unaided by the
compass and chronometer, correctness in great distances was unattainable. On this account, while the eastern portion of the Mediterranean approached a tolerable degree
of truthfulness, the relative positions and forms of the
western shores are surprisingly erroneous. Strabo, a philosophical, rather than a scientific geographer, set himself, says the scholiast, to rectify the errors of Eratosthenes

' but
Strabo made more mistakes than he :' and though he drew
a much better contour of the Mediterranean, yet he distorted the western parts by placing Massilia 13|° to the south of Byzantium, instead of 2£° to the north of that city. Strabo strabo-s ca- had a good education ; still he seems to have possessed a
pac
' y' very moderate share of astronomical knowledge, and was
not so good a mathematician as his long residence at Y
322 STRABO.
Strabo's
travels.
Ptolemy.
Value of
his geo
graphy.
Alexandria ought to have made him. In describing thecountries which he himself had visited, he is generally veryaccurate, save where he relies upon Homer; and that alarge portion of his work resulted from his own observation,is shown by a passage in the second book, where he says
I shall accordingly describe partly the lands and seas which I havetravelled through myself, partly what I have found credible in those whohave given me information orally or by writing. Westwards I have travelled from Armenia to the parts of Tyrrhenia adjacent to Sardinia ; towards thesouth, from the Euxine {near which he was born) to the borders of Ethiopia.
And perhaps there is not one among those who have written geographies,
who has visited more places than I have between these limits. Although Amurath III., about A.D. 1580, causedobservations to be made which reduced the latitude ofByzantium to 41 J°, and the error in the position of Carthage was noticed in 1625, it may be said that Ptolemy'sgross inaccuracies were continued upon maps till themiddle of the seventeenth century, even Sanson's being15° in excess in the length of the Mediterranean; thoughit was soon afterwards curtailed by the observations of M.de Chazelles.* Among the materials used by Ptolemy incomposing his geographical system, it must be recollectedthat the itinerary measures of the surveyed Roman pro-vinces usually exceeded the truth ; since many of the documents were supplied by men of limited acquirements evenin that day. In thus extracting matter from shallow computations and textual errors, besides giving the incongruousmass of details an approach to the solidity and unity of amathematical basis, surely the labour of Ptolemy, with ' all
its imperfections on its head/ was a welcome and valuablegift to his contemporaries, and also to posterity. The first
* In the ninth canto of the Paradiso, Dante describes this Valley of Waters as winding between the discordant shores (tra discordanti liti) of Europe and Africa, and assigns its length by astronomical tokens ; it being, he says, noon in Palestine when the sun is rising in the Strait of Gibraltar. He also, in the twenty-sixth canto of the Inferno, mentions the Pillars of Hercules as boundaries not to be passed

' Accioche l'uom piu oltre non si metta.'
PTOLEMY'S MAPS. 323
authentic maps, deserving the name, with which we are acquainted, are those found in the early MSS. of his Agatno-
. . djemon. geography, originally drawn by Agathodaamon, an Alexandrian map-maker, who lived in the fifth century; of these
there is a splendid copy in the British Museum, of apparently about the year 1350, which formerly belonged to M.
de Talleyrand. These appear to have been copied in the
editions of 1462 and 1482, and thus was preserved the
outline of the Mediterranean which had been received as accurate by geographers from A.D. 150 downwards. They
were certainly indifferently drawn, but at all events their Theodosian map. various relations are better expressed than in the Theodosian
map, a valuable painted itinerary better known as the
Peutingerian Table, now preserved in the imperial library at Vienna: it was intended, it seems, rather to show the high
roads in the empire than the sea-shores. In it the Mediterranean is so reduced in breadth, that it resembles a long
canal, and the site, form, and dimensions of its isles are
displaced and disfigured ; yet the artist must have flourished seventy or eighty years after Agathodaemon.
These remarks may be illustrated by giving a direct Ancient
• • observa- view of the reductions of the ancient measurements, from tions. three of the principal stations in ascertaining the length of the Mediterranean Sea ; they being nearly in the same line east and west, and in the third climate. The latitudes were estimated in stadia reckoned from the equator, and
are not so violently discordant as might be expected from
such a method, Eratosthenes giving 25,450 stadia—Hipparchus, 25,600—Strabo, 25,400—Marinus of Tyre, 26,075 —and Ptolemy, 26,833, as the length between the equinoctial line and Syracuse, or rather the place which they de- signated the Strait of Sicily. But the longitudes run rather Longitudes wild ; they are reckoned in stadia from the Sacrum Pro- from montorium, or Cape St. Vincent; the numbers given by
Eratosthenes being 11,800—by Hipparchus, 16,300—by
Strabo, 14,000—by Marinus of Tyre, 18,583—and by
y2
324 ANCIENT MEASURES.
Ptolemy, 29,000, as the arc from thence to Syracuse.Other authorities for the dimensions of the MediterraneanPoiybius. might be cited, as Dicsearchus, Agrippa, Artemidorus, andabove all, Poiybius, the friend and adviser of Scipio ^Emilianus,and a man equally distinguished as a soldier, historian,and geographer; but as their works are only known byfragments and quotations, besides there being some conPiiny. fusion inter se, I have not brought forward their figures.Pliny {Nat Hist lib. vi. a 38, Brotier) praises their per-sonal zeal in boldly braving fortune on such hazardousservice.—'Hsec est mensura inermium, et pacata audaciafortunam provocantium hominum/ A curious illustrationis, however, offered by the above-mentioned authorities : forthis reduction of the numbers by assuming 700 stadiato a degree of latitude* for a plane projection in the 36°parallel, and 555 for the corresponding degree of longitude,Gosseiin. is mostly from M. Gosselin's Recherches sur la OeographieSystematique et Positive des Anciens, and also his Observations Preliminaires et Mesures Itineraires appended tothe large French edition of Strabo. From the elaborate lists therein drawn up, for the different values of the stadiumunder different degrees of a great circle of the globe, thefollowing tabular view is adjusted. To this, for the sake ofimmediate comparison, I have subjoined the determinationsresulting from my own observations ; though in order to meetthe most probable stations of the elder geographers, I havereferred to Europa Point, the centre of Syracuse, andPompey's Pillar. The last, however, is very uncertain,Alexandria, since the differences in the table are large, recollecting that* Major Rennel, and other modern geographers, suppose that the Greeksused several kinds of stadia, varying from 696 to 750 in a degree ; but there are some who still hold that the stadium was an invariable standard at all times and in all countries, and that it was 203 English yards in length, which is nearly five feet more than the stade usually chosen. The value of
Pliny's geography is vitiated by the fact proved by DAnville—namely, that he indiscriminately reckons eight stadia to a mile, without reference to the
difference between the Greek and Roman stadium.
ANCIENT POINTS. 325
Alexandria must have been one of the best determined of the ancient latitudes. Ptolemy, who had the advantage of Probable being preceded by Timocharis, Eratosthenes, and Hipparchus, used 30° 58' in the computations of his syntaxis,
but adopted 31° in his geography: his place of observation,
therefore, was probably south of the Serapeum.
GlBEALTAB. Sybacuse. Alexandbia.
Authorities.
Latitude. Longitude. Latitude. Longitude. Latitude. Longitude.
Eratosthenes . 36° 21' 25" 4° 17' 9" 36° 21' 25" 16° 51' 26" 31° 0' 0" 36° 8' 34" Hipparchus . . 36 20 4 17 9 36 34 17 23 17 9 31 8 34 38 48 30 Strabo . . . 36 17 8 2 51 25 36 17 8 20 31 8 34 32 8 34 Marinus of Tyre 36 3 34 17 37 15 26 32 50 31 41 25 43 Ptolemy . . . 36 3 34 17 38 20 26 32 49 31 41 25 42 Smyth . . . 36 6 30 5 20 40 37 3 30 15 16 50 31 10 45 29 53 59
§ 2. Middle Ages.
QTJCH was the state of Mediterranean geography before Mediaeval ^ the decline of learning, and such was its condition
through the greater part of the middle ages, though their maps were occasionally improved by nautical experience
and popular observation. Some of the learned of those
days believed that the Mediterranean was so named because
it passed through the midst of the earth, dividing it into two equal parts ; but St. Asaph, who ' flourished' in the sixth St. Asaph.
century, is said to have written, in one of his mystical doctrinal illustrations, that it was also called the Meridian Sea> because it was to the south of the earth,—few of his era having heard anything of the actual south sea. Yet Cosmas,
surnamed Indico-Pleustes, or Indian navigator, had written
his Christian Topography, at Alexandria, in the preceding
age, and must have been known to theological writers. Though accurate in his commercial particulars, this old navigator absurdly considered the whole ocean and seas
326 ARABIAN GEOGRAPHERS.
as forming a flat surface, bounded by walls supporting thefirmament ; and of this ocean he supposed the Mediterra-nean to be one of the four great navigable gulfs. TheArabian The Arabian geographers, as Ibn Ytinis, Abu-Rihan,phers. Abul Hasan, 'Abd al Atif, and Abu-1 Feda, Sultan ofHamah, and strictly speaking, the only scientific geographerthe Arabs ever had—made various maps and plans of places
;
but Edrisi, of whom I have already spoken as a cosmogonist, on the whole, was perhaps the most eminent personof that school. His great undertaking

Nuzhat, &c, (see page 115)—throws very considerable light upon the geographical system adopted by the Arabian writers. In this work he describes the earth as circular, with a circumfer-ence of 132 millions of cubits, or 33,000 miles, which heThe Sea of divides into 360 degrees. The Sea of Damascus, or the' Mediterranean, he estimates as being 1136 parasangs inlength, from its eastern extreme to its discharge into theAtlantic Ocean (Mare tenebrosum), which, on the low esti- mate of 30 stadia to each, amounts to 34,080 stadia, orrather more than 3901 miles, estimating each stadium at604*4 English feet ; but this apparently enormous aberration is extremely uncertain.* Edrisi's book was intendedas a description of the geographical delineation of the world,which he made on a circular silver table (ddyireh)] for Roger II., King of Sicily ; this was copied in the famousFra Mauro. Mappa Mondo, by Fra Mauro (cosmographus incomparabilis), and by Martin Behaim of Nuremberg, so that it was, for upwards of three centuries, the pattern for all the maps of the earth. Though this remarkable tablehas been lost for ages, drawings of it are preserved inArabian MSS., especially in one of the fifteenth century, in* Prom a memorandum given me by the late Major Rennelh the Grecian
Trapaaavya, whence the Persians got their fwrsung, was 5468 '7 English
yards. This would reduce the above length to 3529 miles and 140 yards. f Dr. Pococke {nomen venerandum) renders it 'globe/ which would have
required hurrah instead of ddyireh.
ARABIAN GEOGRAPHERS. 327
the Bodleian Library at Oxford, an engraving of which has
been given in Dr. Vincent's Periplus of the Erythrcean Sea, Dr. vm- page 656. In the British Museum (Add. MS. 11,695), there
is a coloured map of the world of about 1100, arranged
according to the ideas of the Arabian geographers; in which the earth is represented of a quadrangular form, sur- rounded by the ocean

' like an egg in the water/ Here
the iEgean Sea joins the Mediterranean, which is represented
straight, at a right angle in the centre of the map.
The Arabians did not follow the Greeks in their choice Arabian of a meridian, as they preferred the African coast to the Fortunate or far-west islands. But they afterwards substi- tuted the Khubbah Harinah, or Cupola of Arina, the site Khubbah of which is still only presumptive, although Abu-1 Feda's
allusion has been ingeniously tested by the difference be- tween the true and the inhabited horizons of the Alphonsine
Tables. After all the discussions which have taken place,
the Khubbah may have been an imaginary point ; for Humboldt, after wading deeply into the inquiry, came to the
conclusion, that

c the more passages were compared, the
obscurer the subject became/
Marino Sanuto, a Venetian noble surnamed Torsello, Marino who published the Liber Secretorum Fidelium Crucis,
about the year 1320, was a great voyager and traveller,
and constructed a chart of the Mediterranean Sea, which has
long been lost; but its outline may be observed in his planisphere, preserved in the Gesta Dei per Francos, published by the Bongars in 1611. Though this is certainly one of the earliest, the exact epoch of the first proper chart
of this sea in the middle ages is not known. According to
Serior Capmani, in his Questiones Criticoe, such was used Capmani.
by the Spanish navigators as early as 1286 : and he also
relates, as a certain fact, that the galleys of Arragon were
officially furnished with nautical charts in the year 1359.
Yet the very invention of the projection is ascribed, by
others, to the celebrated Henry, son of John, King of Por-
328 VENETIAN GEOGRAPHERS.
tugal. An outline of the Mediterranean by the brothersPizzigani. Pizzigani, bears date in the early part of the fourteenth
century, when the geographical treatises called ImagoMundi had crept into notice. Shortly afterwards, various local surveys and descriptions
of Mediterranean regions appear, and some not at all defi- cient in point of execution. In the British Museum, there
Bondei- is a valuable manuscript volume by Christopher Bondelmonte. x «/ x monte, in the commencement of the fifteenth century, in which the Cyclades and Ionian Isles are very fairly set
forth.* At Oxford, I was shown a very neat illuminated
manuscript of 66 pages of vellum, in oak boards, superg. de Lan- scribed—' Chest le rapport que fait messire Guillebert denoy. Lannoy, Chevalier, sur les visitations de plusieurs villes pors et rivieres par lui faittes—tante en Egipte comme enSurie. Lan de gre nre signer mil • cccc * vingt et deux/ It appears that our Henry V., notwithstanding David Hume'ssneer, actually did contemplate making a crusade to theHoly Land ; and as a first step, he dispatched Sir Gilbert
de Lannoy, evidently a well qualified officer, to survey thestate and condition of the harbours and arsenals of Egyptand Syria. The result is the accurate and intelligent official report before us, in which the various anchorages, soundings,
landing-places, fortifications, munitions of war, produce, andsupplies of wood and water are diligently noticed, formingan authentic account of the hydro-geography of thosecountries 430 years ago. In 1478, on Moceniga's beingBarto- elected Doge of Venice, a Captain Bartolommeo, who hadlommeo. ° ' r ' made many voyages, and ' trod every rock in the iEgean/published an account of the Archipelago, with wood-blocks* There are various copies of this work abroad, both printed and manuscript; and some fac-similes of Bondelmonte's maps are given in the Liber Insularum Archipelagi, a G. R. L. de Sinner. Lipsice, 1824. The geography
of the middle ages has attracted the researches of Cardinal Zurla, M. Jomard, and Joachim Lelewel ; but the best collection of mediaeval maps, perhaps,
is that recently published at Paris by Viscount Santai'em.
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS. 329
of the islands, a sonnet expressive of the features and pecu- Poetical
directory. liarities of each, the ports and produce, with the bearings
and distance from one another. It commences with Cerigo
and ends with Cyprus : and entering from the westward,
shows the various islets, with the rock on which the Nautilus
was so dismally lost in 1807, adding the following express advice to beware of them at night :

Sta inverso grieco il Poro e la Poresa Fa che de note te guardi da esa. At the time that Bartolommeo was making his levantine voyages, the Mediterranean was also under the examination of the great Columbus, whose knowledge of geometry, Columbus, astronomy, and cosmography had been fostered by a com- mander of the same name and family under whom he
served ; and his brother was, moreover, a professional compiler of geographical charts. The effects of the exertions of such men are discernible on comparing the earlier maps
and charts with those of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries : and among those which have passed under my own
examination, I cannot but enumerate the fine set of porto- Portoiani. lanij now preserved in the British Museum, as they will, in
all likelihood, remain there for ages most authentic evidences. The kind aid of Sir Henry Ellis and Mr. J. Holmes,* toge- ther with the liberality of the trustees, enable me to give
the following list :

MS. Arundel, 93, art. 7. —' Christophori Bondelmontii, Liber insularum Bondel- Cycladura atque aliarum in circuitu Sparsarum, cum earundem schematibus.' inonte. This is the collection which I have mentioned already; and there is also a
second on the Archipelago in general. Bondelmonte was a Florentine priest, who wrote about 1420—1422. His name and the date are found by the initial letters of the chapters of his work, which, taken in order of succession, form this sentence—'Cristoforus Hondelmonti e Florentia Presbiter nunc misit Cardinali Jordano de Ursinis, M.cccc. Christi.'
* To Mr. Holmes I am the more particularly indebted, since it was
owing to the admirable systematic Older in which he had arranged the geographical department of his charge, that all my incmiries were as easy as
satisfactory.
330 PORTOLANI.
TheCornaro
maps.
Add. MS. 11,547.—A portolano, or collection of sea-charts, drawn byGrazioso Benincasa, of Ancona, in the year 1467. It contains five charts, drawn on vellum, of which No. 1 is the Black Sea, Asia Minor, and the
eastern part of the Mediterranean ; 2, the Adriatic Sea, the Archipelago, and the central portion of the Mediterranean ; and 3, the part from Rometo the Straits of Gibraltar on the west. There is also another by the samehand {Add. MS. 6390), which is described by Tiraboschi; in contour anddetails it substantially resembles the former one, but the fourth chart is in- scribed—' Gratiosus de Benincasa, Anchonitanus, magnifico viro Prospero
Camulio, Medico Genuensi, fecit, 1468.'
Plut. clxiii. —In this press, which contains upwards of one hundredmanuscripts of the Arundel collection, is another copy of the Insularium of Bondelmonte, written in 1485, with coloured maps, or rather bird's-eye views. The Museum possesses two other copies, but inferior, of the samework.
Egerton MS. 73.—This is a fine portolano, containing thirty-five charts on vellum, executed by different Venetian artists, about the year 1489. It formerly belonged to the Cornaro family, and was afterwards in the library of St. Mark's, at Venice, where it was examined and described at great length by Cardinal Zurla. In this valuable atlas are contained no fewer than twenty-six charts of the Black Sea, Adriatic, and great divisions of the Mediterranean Sea, by Piero Roseli, Zuan di Napoli, Grocioxa Benincaxa (sic), Francesco Becaro, Nicold Fiorin, Francesco Cexano, Zuan Soligo, Aloixe Cexano, Domenego Dezane, and Nicold de Pasqualin. The book also contains tables of solar and lunar motions, moveable feasts, and planetary influ- ences ; and a sailing directory is appended, of which the part containing the
ports of the Mediterranean closes with—' Qua compie tute le staree del marmediterano,' &c. Old Royal Libr., MS. 14, c. v. —-A portolano containing seven charts ona plane scale, executed on vellum, at the commencement, apparently, of the
sixteenth century; and which belonged to Lord Lumley, who died in 1609. Five of these charts are devoted to the Mediterranean Sea and its divisions. Contemporary with these, or in the year 1520, was published the earliest printed sea-directory which I have seen ; it is intituled Portulano del Mare,and was printed at Venice without the author's name, but directly attributed
to Cademosta, the noble navigator of that city. Add. MS. 11,548.—A plane-scale chart, drawn on vellum at Ancona,in the year 1529 ; the name of the artist is obliterated. Under the date are the arms of Cardinal Giulio Feltri della Rovere, son of the Duke of Urbino.
It contains the whole of Europe, with the Black Sea, the Mediterranean, and the coast of Morocco.
Spanish Add. MS. 9947.—A Spanish portolano, containing four charts on aportolano. plane scale, executed on vellum, three of which represent the MediterraneanSea and its divisions. Add. MS, 10,132. —A portolano containing five charts, executed in 1538, by a native of Ancona, whose name has been erased, the inscription running—'I.H.S. Conte .... Anconitano la facte nel ano M°ccccxxxvm.'
Three of the charts are devoted to the Mediterranean and Black Seas.
Cademosta.
Cardinal Rovere.
PORTOLANI. 331
Old Royal Libr., MS. 20, E. ix. —A choice manuscript ' booke of Idro- j jj tz. graphy made by me Johne Rotz,' for King Henry VIII., in 1542, contains a
general chart of the Mediterranean Sea. Add. MS. 10,134.—A portolano containing three maps, executed by Canachi. some Italian artist about the year 1550, which formerly belonged to Nicholas
Canachi, a pilot, of Patmos, as we are told on the title-page ; where, under
a coloured drawing of the Virgin and Child, appear the two following in- scriptions :

' E chesto Uibro sta di Nicolo Canachi dell' isola di Sa. Gioane di Pattino, pillotto di mare.' E tovtov to xaprijv tvai tov NtjkoXov Kavaici tov
Jlarrjvio tij ottov art kl ctI va Aeyopvo. The second and third of these maps relate to the Mediterranean and its large divisions. Ugerton MS. 767.—A portolano containing four charts, of which two
relate to the Mediterranean Sea ; it is rudely drawn and coloured on vellum, apparently by a Venetian artist, about the middle of the sixteenth
century. Add. MS. 5415 A.—A portolano consisting of nine large charts on vellum, Homem.
drawn on a plane scale by Diego Homem, in 1558. As it is very highly
finished, and ornamented in gold and colours, with the arms of the respective sovereigns emblazoned on the various countries, it is considered to have
been executed for Philip the Second ; but the arms of Spain, which were
impaled with the coat of England, have been defaced. Of these charts, No. 6 represents the coasts of the Mediterranean from the Straits of Gibraltar
to the Morea, with the Adriatic. Add. MS. 9810.—A large chart of the coasts of Europe, with the Black De Macolo. Sea and the Mediterranean, richly ornamented with drawings of figures,
tents, &c, and it is inscribed—' Jacobus Veschonte de Maiolo composuit hanc cartam in Janua, anno Domini 1562, die x. Octobus.'
Ilarleian MS. 3450.—A portolano of eighteen charts on a plane scale, of J. Marlines, which three specially relate to the Mediterranean, by Joan Martines, of Messina, in the year 1578 ; they are elegantly drawn on vellum, in colours and gilding. Harleian MS. 3489, is another collection of charts by Martines, very similar to the above, but larger; and there is a third {Add.
Sloane MS. 5019), drawn in 1582. Add. MS. 9811. —A chart of the Black Sea and Mediterranean, on a J. Oliva. plane scale; it is inscribed—'Joanne Riczo alias Oliva, figlio de Mastro
Dominico, in Napole, a di 7 de Novembre, anno 1587.'
llibl. Cotton. Julius, E. 11.—A volume containing neat pen-and-ink A. Millo. drawings of sixty-eight Mediterranean islands, intituled ' Isulario de Antonio
Millo, nel quale si contiene tutte le isolle dil mar Mediteraneo, &c, A.D. 1587.' Add. MS. 10,365, is another copy of this work, written in 1591, in which
Millo is styled Arrairalgio di Candia. Add. MS. 10,041.—The Black Sea, the Archipelago, the Adriatic Sea, T. Lupo. and the rest of the Mediterranean, on a plane scale upon vellum, and of about the year 1600; it is inscribed— ' Mayde by Thomas Lupo, in Shadwell, neere unto the mill.'
332 CONSEQUENCES OF NEGLECT.
Cautionary I have been more particular in citing these curiousremark. > ° documents, because a lesson is thereby afforded us as to themischief of an indiscriminate neglect of old surveys, andthe danger of a blind reliance upon the newest compilations.For in all those charts of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, as well as in the rare manuscript portulano (circa1450) presented to the Bodleian Library by the late Mr.Francis Douce, and likewise on the maps of Nicholas Yallardof Dieppe, Peter Plancius, and Paolo Gerardo, many shoalsare sufficiently well-placed for a regardful seaman to haveavoided them. Yet the most perilous of these afterwardsdisappeared from the charts, until I restored them, owingto the incredulity of certain navigators, and the carelessnessofthose smatterers employed by the ship-chandlers, who werelong the purveyors of the seaman's scientific wants; amongthe most serious omissions, the cause of an awful sacrifice oflife and treasure, we may instance the following :
Cape de The outer shoal off Cape de Gata, which was omitted by Tofiiio, wasGata. noticed by the earlier hydrographers, and even appears to have been exa- mined by Bartolommeo Crescentio, who, in 1585, surveyed the vicinity of
Algiers, which city he brands even then as ' infamissimo albergo di corsari, et gravissimo danno et onta di Christiani.' In the directory which he after- wards published, the above rocks are accurately described ; yet, from the subsequent omission of the outer one, we might have lost the Belleisle, of
Captain 80 guns, Captain J. Toup Nicolas, in 1840. On this being announced, I
Nicolas, addressed the editor of a professional journal on the subject; and when the
Belleisle returned to England, Captain Nicolas wrote me a letter from
Plymouth, 20th January, 1841, in these terms:—'I have to thank youmuch for your late communication to the editor of the Nautical Magazine,
in support of my statement relative to the rock off Cape de Gata that wediscovered on our passage home. We passed it within half our ship's length.
It was, in my opinion, not much larger than our launch, and possibly has
three fathom or more upon it. It looked quite green. Had we not been
going so fast—between eight and nine knots—I should certainly have
shortened sail and examined it. . . . Our look-out men and every one were
looking for the rock within us on our starboard bow, when to my astonish- ment the signal-man on the royal-yard called out, 'A rock. close to us on the port bow!' which was instantly repeated to us by the look-out man at the jib-boom end. We all ran over to the port side of the poop, and I at the same moment ordered the helm to port, when the rock appeared close outside our lower-studding-sail boom. Every one saw it distinctly, and it appeared a miracle that we escaped it.'
CONSEQUENCES OF NEGLECT. 333
Falamos
rock.
Cassidaigne
shoal.
Reef off St. Tropez.
The Vado
shoal.
The rock in Palamos Bay, on which a Spanish line-of-battle ship was lost in 1796, when nearly every soul perished. The Cassidaigne shoal, a dangerous reef on a wash, lying between Marseilles and Toulon, is accurately placed in old portulani, but was omitted by Mount and Page, and their followers. In 1807, a vessel running for Ciotal when chased by one of our cruisers, struck on La Cassidaigne, and
was knocked to pieces in a few minutes. The reef off Cape St. Tropez is well placed in the earlier plans, but was
omitted in many of the charts of about sixty years ago ; and many ships have since struck upon it. From the circumstance of the Rhadamanthus
steamer having got aground there since my examination of it, the reef now
bears the name of that vessel on the Admiralty chart. The Vado shoal, called also the Mai di Vitro and Secca de la Barbiera, on the coast of Tuscany, was well marked 350 years ago ; and both it and
the Melora off ' Ligorne ' appear distinctly in the Egerton MS. 73, of A.D. 1489. Yet in 1793 we lost the Amphitrite frigate upon it; and so lately as June, 1848, the fine English steamer Ariel was wrecked on its northern
shelf. It was well surveyed by our boats, in 1818 and 1823. The AphHco rock off Monte Christo is well marked by Benincasa and others, Aphrico but omitted by the first compilers of the general Quarter Waggoner. Several rock, ships have struck here, and a Genoese brigantine was totally lost so late as the summer of 1815. Rock Porno, off Lissa, is shown on the early manuscript plans, and is Pomo.
given by Coronelli in the great Atlante Veneto ; but it was not inserted in the charts issued by the ship-chandlers about 1790.
Tlie reef off Cape Bianco, Corfu. This appears in several of the portulani, and is very fairly figured by Coronelli ; yet so little was it known of
late, that two or three of our ships of war got aground on it while I was in the Mediterranean.
Bianco
reef.
The Gaio rock, between Paxo and the coast of Albania, was also lost from
the charts ; yet the Venetians had to record the loss of a valuable treasure- ship on it, and so late as 1817 two of our frigates struck there.
Gaio.
The Patella shoal, off Prevesa, was well known to Gorgoglione and Patella. Mesfud, but disappeared since their time ; it was again restored in the late war by one of our cruisers, the Topaze frigate, running upon it, where she
lay several hours, but luckily the weather was very fine. The shoal off Cape Chiarenza, named Montagu by us, on account of the Montagu
line-of-battle ship of that name having run upon it in 1810, while sailing on shoal, an expedition against Santa Maura, is well marked in the old works. Capra reef. Crescentio's portulano, page 49, mentions that in 1595 the Capra reef. Ragusan ship Berniccia lost her rudder on the shoal off Cape Capra, Cephalonia. The chart supplied by the Admiralty in 1810, had it not. The rock off Cerirjotto—on which the Nautilus sloop-of-war was lost in Nautilus January, 1807, and 58 of her crew perished miserably—is marked in the rock- portolani, and omitted in recent charts.
334 CONSEQUENCES OF NEGLECT.
Skerki.
Sorelle.
Fumosa.
Further re- sults of such
neglect.
The Skerki rocks, between Sicily and Tunis, on which several ships have
been lost in the last half-century; particularly H.M.S. Athenien, of 64 guns,
in October, 1804, when 351 officers and men, including the captain, were
killed or drowned, besides many passengers. This danger is also well placed
in a curious vellum manuscript of 1547, which Sir Thomas Phillipps, Bart., at my request, exhibited to the Royal Geographical Society, in 1851 (see myAddress to that Society, Geographical Journal, vol. xxi., page lxxi).
Tlie Sorelle reef, off Galita, on which, in the year 1820, a Tunisian cruiser was lost; and whereon the Avenger steam-frigate struck in December, 1847, when the captain, officers, and seamen, to the amount of 246, were drowned,
only one lieutenant, the surgeon, the gunner, two petty officers, two seamen, and a boy, being saved. I had given the name of Sorelle to the two heads
of this dangerous rock—which are nearly on a wash with the water—because they lie opposite to the high rocks on the coast of Barbary called Fratelli (Neptuni aro3); but, singularly enough, I have since found that the latter went by the designation do Soror; see the chart of B. P. Sina, 1488, and
other middle- age hydrographers. Fumosa reef, in Baia Bay. This range of rocks was well-known to the Neapolitan and Maltese pilots, and was accurately surveyed by myself. Yet when the English and French fleets, under Parker and Baudin, were
watching the disturbances of 1848, in working out from under Pozzuoli, Admiral Baudin's ship struck on the Fumosa : the chart in use was a reduction
of the large four-sheet Italian survey, whereon—although I had furnished Visconti with my coast contour and soundings—it did not appear
!
Although in this enumeration I have merely alluded
to the early portolani, without forestalling my text, I mayhere mention that the more recent plans and drawings pre- served in the British Museum also reveal the awful neglect
of our modern chart-wrights, and it was high time that Government should take so important an affair out of irre- sponsible hands. Among many other matters, the examinerwill find on charts drawn more than a century ago, with bear- ings and leading-marks, many of the rocks supposed to berecent discoveries.* The noted shoal off Al Bekur, on which* Though not connected with the Mediterranean, I cannot but recall a remarkable fact in point. Agatharcides, in describing the coasts of the RedSea, 170 years B.C., says, that at the entrance of the Elanitic Gulf, there are three islands covering several harbours on the Arabian shore. Yet these
islands, lying so conspicuously on a dangerous lee-shore, do not appear to have been noticed in any European chart or description, till, after a lapse of twenty centuries, they were restored to hydrography by Mr. Eyles Irwin, of the East India Company's service.
CONSEQUENCES OF NEGLECT. 335
the Culloden struck, an accident which, might have occasioned h. m. ship the loss of the battle of the Nile, was tolerably well drawn on
the homely plans of Lorenzo Mesfud and Antonio Borg ; and
it was even published in Bellin's Mediterranean Atlas so
far back as 1771. The shoals near the Egyptian coast also, on
which, in 1800 and afterwards, so many of our vessels struck, besides our actually losing the Cormorant of 24 other ships, guns—the Fulminante, 10—and the Parthian sloop-of-war on them, were well known long before. The Lefkimo
shoal, Corfu, on which several of our ships have struck, is well placed on the older surveys ; and so is the Gomenizze
shoal, in the channel of that island—whereon the Bacchante h. m. ship frigate lay many hours, and was obliged to throw her guns
M
overboard to lighten her—on which Borg marks one brazzo. The bank which tails off Augusta, in Sicily—where we lost the Electro,} of 18 guns, in March, 1808—is well drawn by
the pilots of the Maltese galleys; and the channels of Trapani, on the west side of the island, appear to have been
very fairly examined by them, although they remained
nearly unknown to our cruizers. At the close of October,
1803, the fleet under Nelson anchored at the Madalena Nelson at islands, which had recently been examined by Captain
Byves. When they had watered, placing the fullest reliance on the chart furnished by that officer, the ships beat out with- out any accident. In the following year, however, a line- of-battle ship, the Excellent, struck on a rock just outside the
very centre of the channel, and two other dangers were found
in the vicinity of the spot where our fleet had been beating.
Admiral Sir R G. Keats told me that he congratulated
Nelson on having escaped so well, adding—' It is evident,
my lord, that Providence protects you/ These rocks were known to the Maltese pilots, yet might have occasioned a
ruinous loss at the opening of an eventful war. Again, the
extensive reef off Marsa Scirocco in Malta, on which the
Alexander, 74, was greatly damaged in 1799, is shown on n. m ship those old plans; as is also the shoal in Carbonara Bay,
336 CONSEQUENCES OF NEGLECT.
Sardinia, on which the French lost two valuable store-shipsin their ill-fated expedition of 1793.
Among a few documents of the kind which I presentedto the British Museum in 1848, is a plan of the north-eastShoai at part of Elba, surveyed on the 4th of June, 1772, by LorenzoElba. Mesfud—'Primo piloto sulla capitana Galera della Sacra Religione Gerusolimitana di Malta;' though rudely drawn, its soundings are correct, and the marks for a dangerous shoal—since omitted—in the inner channel are admirably given;
namely, the inner side of Topi islet in one with point Pera,and Cape Vita on with Torre di Giove. Again, respectingthe rock off Cape Matafuz, forming the east point of theBay of Algiers: on my visit to this part in 1816, inshoai off passing Matafuz at rather more than a mile distant, I* perceived a breaking sea in the offing ; yet the wind beingfresh, could take no particular notice of it at the time. Butsome time afterwards, on looking over some nautical plansby the pains-taking Mesfud, I found one with a shoalmarked near the spot on which we observed breakers. Itherefore gave directions to Lieutenant Slater, who com-manded my tender, the Nimble, to examine it in 1826; hesoon found the rock, and sounded the whole vicinity. Hecould not, however, discover less water than four-and-ahalf fathoms ; and this was precisely in the position fromthe extreme point of Matafuz that Mesfud had placed it nearly sixty years before.
§ 3. Modern Operations.
17th & i8th TPvURJNG the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
centuries. II o J-^many hydrographical works on the Mediterraneanshores were published; but they were generally by merecompilers, of whom those only who dabbled in nauticalscience, or were known as surveyors, will be mentioned.Among the earliest of this class was Bartolommeo Cres-
ADVANCE OF CHARTOGRAPHY. 337
centio, a Papal engineer. I have stated above that he was sur- Bart, crescentio veying the coast of Algiers in 1585; and having completed
that work, which was personally presented to Pope Sixtus V., he drew up his treatise, Delia Nautica Mediterranean,
and published it at Rome in 1607. He treats of the construction and fitting of galleys ; the regulation of arsenals, as evidenced in those of ' Genova, Ligorno (sic), and Corfu ; and in the valuable sailing directory which he appends, he
describes several of the above-mentioned shoals. In 1612, Francesco Basilicata executed a survey of the coast of Fran. Basi- Candia ; and a series of fifty plans of the different ports
thereof, in well-finished pen-and-ink drawings, is pre- served in the Royal Collection (cxiii. 104), now added to the British Museum; and, on close comparison, there are reasons for supposing that both Jean Oliva of Marseilles,
and Gio. Ant. Magini, had access to them when in hand. Hagini. To this epoch, and these men, we owe our freedom from
many of the errors and objections with which their predecessors were oppressed, and especially those which regarded
the length of the Mediterranean Sea. Chartography was now on the advance, both in its charto- general and special departments; but the documents then
giap }
' produced, compared with the works of the present day,
display many faults of calculation, omissions, and traces of ignorance. Still in their endeavour to remove difficulties, by the correction of some long-established error, or the
supply of some new information, our predecessors are
entitled to gratitude ; and they left hydrography richer than they found it. The use of plane-charts had continued
till their mistakes were exposed, in 1556, by Martin Cortes, Cortes, the celebrated author of the Art of Navigation; and to correct which, Gerard Mercator had also published a chart with his method of keeping the meridians and parallels of
latitude in straight lines as before, but increasing each
portion of the latitude with its distance from the equator
as a compensation. All this, however, was done without
z
338 MERCATOR AND WRIGHT.
Edward
Wright
Pigafitta.
any fixed rule how to divide the enlarged meridian ; the dis- covery of a method for thus ensuring accuracy was reservedto Mr. Edward Wright, of Caius College, Cambridge, who,in 1599, published the first table of meridional parts for that purpose, in his work, intituled Certain Errors inNavigation detected and corrected ; and as all charts prior
to this application were erroneous in the increase of thedegrees of latitude, the present excellent line projections
should rather be designated Wright's than Mercator's, even although his received some improvements before it acquired geometrical exactness.* The supposed knowledge, however, of pilots, was an impediment to the advanceof accurate hydrography; for most commanders of shipsplaced implicit reliance on their dicta, as if so uneducateda class of men were gifted with intuitive precision. ' Pilots,
now-a-days/ said Pigafitta, the companion of Magellan,1 are satisfied with knowing the latitude, and are so presumptuous that they refuse to hear mention of longitude : andMartin Cortes, in his epistle to Charles V., asks ' How muchmore shall the same seem difficult to Solomon, if at thesedays he should see that few or none of the pilots canscarcely read, and are scarcely of capacity to learne f Andit may be remembered to how recent a day the marineadage of the three L's obtained, meaning that the essenceof navigation consisted in lead, latitude, and look-out
!
About this time, many portions of the Adriatic Seaviteiii and were examined by the officers, Giovanni Vitelli and GeroBenagho. ^m0 j> enag]i . anci their surveys were protracted anddrawn by Car. Cappi, in 1630. Between the same yearand 1646, a work was in preparation which, from the knownenergies of the author, was anxiously looked for : at length,in the last-named year appeared, in two large folio volumes, that celebrated book, the Arcano del Mare, byRobert Robert Dudley, a natural son of the court favourite, Robert,Dudley.
* It is not improbable that Mercator worked from a globe, with rhomblines drawn upon it.
SIR ROBERT DUDLEY. 339
Earl of Leicester, and who, after having achieved some
daring maritime enterprises, settled, as Earl of Warwick, at Florence, when by the emperor's creating him a duke of the
Roman empire, he assumed Northumberland as his title. Dudley was one of the most remarkable men of his day,
and greatly attached to science in general : he laid the
foundation of many nautical and commercial improve- Dudley's
* x works. ments, and suggested the process for draining the maremme
between Pisa and Leghorn, which last he was instrumental
in making a free port. The Arcano del Mare is replete
with skilful projects for the advancement of maritime
knowledge, as well in building and fitting ships as in navigating them, and instructing their commanders. It is full of charts and plans, of which that of the Mediterranean
Sea, though imperfect, was the precursor and model of the
noted French carte reduite : and when we consider the
kind of materials then available, and the state of practical
mathematics, both reason and justice demand our respect
for this able pioneer of hydrography.
From the works already mentioned were constructed other pub- the collection of charts by the two Cavallinis of Leghorn,
in 1644, as well as those of Nicholas Comberford, of ' Redcliffe/ in ] 657, corrected with a few local re-examinations

and that of the coast of Catalonia in 1650, of which the
original, on five sheets, is in the British Museum {Royal,
lxxviii. 31). At length the Directory of Francesco-Maria
Levanto appeared, and instantly became a favourite leader among masters and pilots : it was intituled Prima parte
dello specchio del maref nel quale si descrivonotuttili portL
spmggie, baje, isole, scogli, e seccagne del Mediterraneo.
Dato in luce 1664. This folio volume was the text-book
of our Wapping chart-sellers—Thornton, Hack, Gascoyne,
Page, Mountain, and others—while the contemporaneous
works published in Holland, as L'Europe marine of Ulas
Bloem, and the Monde Aquatique of Peter Goos, were
professedly copied from the Italian portolani. z 2
340 FRENCH SURVEYORS.
Maltese
pilots.
Chev. de
Tourville.
In the year 1679, the attention of the French government was strongly directed towards a more intimate
acquaintance with Mediterranean navigation; in conseCagoiin and quence of which, Captains Cagolin and Chevalier, of their
' Royal Navy, with some intelligent engineers, were sent to the coasts of Spain and Italy, as well as into the Adriatic
and Archipelago. But I am not aware that any beneficial
result to hydrography followed these movements, unless it be true that R Bougard, Mattre de Navire, who publishedhis Petit Flambeau de la Mer, ou la veritable Guide des
Pilotes Cotiers, in 1684, and the Maltese pilots, Olivier,
Michelot, and Therin, who furnished the first engravedchart of the Mediterranean in 1689, gained access to theFrench documents. The Chevalier de Tourville addresseda letter to the Minister of Marine, dated 22nd December,1685, on the necessity of constructing a better chart thanany in use, for the navigation of the Mediterranean Sea
;
though his ideas on marine surveying, and the means for carrying out his views, were not very clearly expressed.
Olivier's and Berthelot's were plane charts, and full of
faults : ' Dans beaucoup d'endroits,' says M. de Chabert,' ces defauts en latitude alloient a plus d'un demi degre
:
dans la purpart il n'y avait pas seulement une echelle delatitude, et que sans s'embarrasser de la situation des diffe- rentes terres par rapport au ciel, elles e'toient placees apeu-pres dans leurs distances grossierement estimees, et dans leurs directions, suivant la boussole, dont la declinaison
etoit mal connue ou absolument ignoree/
In 1686, and the two following years, M. Mathieu deChazelles, Hydrographe de Galeres at Marseilles, corrected various points of the south coast of France ; which so recommended him to the authorities, that he was commissioned to visit Greece, Turkey, and Egypt, on a scientific mission, in 1693. He made numerous surveys, with theintention of constructing a general Mediterranean Atlasupon thirty-two sheets, and on his return, his project wasapproved of by the Academy of Sciences ; but the wholeChabert.
Chazelles*
ITALIAN HYDROGRAPHICAL WORKS. 341
was frustrated by a lingering illness, which terminated in
his death on the 16th of January, 1710. Meantime, Henry
Michelot, Pilote Hauturier sur les Galeres du Roi, Micheiot. after thirty years of experience, had published a compendious sailing directory for this sea, which, though owing
largely to Crescentio and Gorgoglione, became very popular
with the French and English seamen, and is still in request
among the coasting craft of the former. It has run through
several editions, of which I possessed copies of those of
.1709 and 1806. The Pere Baudrand, the rival of the Baudrand. Sansons, had published the Principality of Catalonia, and
the County of Koussillon, on two sheets, in 1693.
Nor had the Italians neglected the study of hydrography, so far as it was then understood and practised, as is shown by numerous documents and volumes found in
libraries. From 1685 to 1718 the Atlante Veneto—Morea —Isolario, and other geographical publications of the
laborious Venetian cosmographer, Padre Vincenzo Coronelli, Coronem. were in circulation ; and they really are depositaries of a
great fund of substantial knowledge. Some of the plates
combine both map and picture, so as to convey a clear idea of the objsct represented, though often rudely, or even incorrectly drawn ; and the profusion of accessories,
mostly pregnant with meaning and interest, shows that no expense was spared in their production. Indeed, the
efforts of this very industrious compiler were so effectually
aided by the encouragement of the doges and nobles of Venice, together with the association designated Gli Argonauti, that he was enabled to publish more than four hundred maps, with copious explanations of them. One
of his contributors, Paolo Gerardo, published a volume Paolo Ge- treating of the passage along the east coast of the Adriatic,
and thence across the Archipelago to the Holy Land. The
rest of the coasts are more slightly touched, and in the
Archipelago there is a mere enumeration of courses and
distances from isle to isle. A copy of this is preserved in the Bodleian Library, at Oxford ; it is intituled II Portu-
342 ENGLISH RESEARCHES.
lano del Mare; net quale si dichiara minutamente del sito di tutti i porti quali sono da Venetia in levante, e inponente. Venetia, mdcxcix. ; and it was then ' ristampato!
Le Pere In 1699, le Pere Feuillee, the well-known and useful astronomer, was despatched by Louis XIV. on a scientific
cassini. mission into the Levant, in company with Jacques Cassini,
the future opponent of Newton as to the earth's shape, then
only twenty-two years of age. They were directed to deter- mine the exact position of various cities and ports, and to pursue every measure for the improvement of navigation ; but though there appears to have been no want of theoretical talent, the results which oozed out disappointed the
expectation of practical men, who suspected that muchinformation was suppressed by authority. In the samem. d'Abian- year, M. d'Ablancourt published a chart of the strait, bycourt. order of the king of Portugal ; this was said to be drawnup from careful observations made by the most experienced
mariners and engineers to show plainly every anchorage.
M. d'Ablancourt was of French extraction, claiming descent
from the Perrot family ; and he is said to have been an able master in hydrography.
Meanwhile, the English were not unmindful of Mediterranean hydrography, albeit their intercourse with that
Charles sea was then on a very restricted scale. Mr. Charles Wyld,Wyld' whose large plan of the road and harbour of Cephalonia
is preserved in the British Museum (Sloane, 2439,fol. 29,6.),
made several minutes on the Ionian Islands and the coast of Albania, in 1673, some of which fell into the possession of the earnest explorer of those parts, the late Mr. JohnHawkins, of Bignor Park, whose name was not forgotten
Captain m Greece when I was occupied there. Captain Johntnorne. Kempthorne, who commanded the Dover, of 48 guns, appears to have had an express mission to that sea ; as there are in the Royal collection of the Museum, a series of plans and views of Cadiz, Tarifa, Gibraltar, Genoa, Leghorn,
Naples, and parts of Sicily, Malta, and the Greek Islands, exe-
EDMUND DUMMER. 343
cuted by him between the years 1685 and 1 688. A large folio volume written by Sir Nicholas Miller, shortly afterwards, sir n. containing not only sailing directions, but very numerous
views of headlands, and outlines of harbours on the coasts "and in the islands of the Mediterranean, is worthy of notice,
though rudely executed. But the most industrious, and
perhaps the best qualified, of the explorers of that day, was Mr. Edmund Dummer, who made many local surveys Dummer. and views, which were evidently used by the compilers of our Quarter Waggoner ;* and for which he was rewarded
with the post of surveyor and commissioner of the navy.
This gentleman was sent out in the Woohvich, of 54 guns, commanded by Captain William Houlden (Houlding
according to the acrostic in Chaplain Teonge's amusing
diary), himself an experienced Mediterranean cruiser. In
this ship he visited the coasts of Spain, France, Italy,
Greece, and their islands ; and in the British Museum
(Royal MS. 40) is a folio volume which bears testimony to
his industry and observation : it is intituled A Voyage into
the Mediterranean Seas, containing by ivay ofjournal, the
vieivs and descriptions of such remarkable lands, cities, towns, and arsenals, their several planes andfortifications,
with divers perspectives of particular buildings, which came within the compass of the said voyage : together with
tfw description of twenty-four sorts of vessells of common
use in those seas, designed in measurable parts, with an
artificial show of their bodies, not before so accurately
done : finished in the year 1685, by Edmund Dummer.
The eighteenth century opened with a request from the
* This is the title of a ponderous volume which was long the ne plus
ultra of naval hydrography ; insomuch that the official certificates from captains and masters, apologizing for making no improvement in the charts, stated that they had met with nothing hut what was already in the General Quarter Waggoner. In the seventeenth century, hooks of charts were collo- quially termed Waggoners—perhaps a corruption from Lucas Jansz Wagcnacr,
author of the Spieghel dec Zccracrt, or Mirror of Navigation, published at Leyden in 1585.
314 HALLEY'S HYDROGRAPHIC MISSION.
Emperor of Germany not remotely dissimilar from that which
I received in 1817 from the same quarter ; namely, for the
aid of an English officer to superintend a survey of the ports
in Istria and Dalmatia, with a view of selecting a safe andconvenient harbour for shipping in the Austrian territories on the Adriatic. On this occasion Queen Anne selected
Haiiey. Doctor Halley, who had already acquired the brevet rank of a captain in the royal navy, although there were such menin the service as Swanton, Fairfax, Trevanion, Haddock,Saunders, Wager, and Harlow, as well as that other brevet- captain, the meritorious Dampier, then unemployed. Bythe year 1702 everything was arranged, and Halley departed
for the Mediterranean ; where he executed his task so satis- factorily, that the emperor presented him with a valuable
diamond ring, taken from his own finger, and he also wrote
a letter to the queen, expressive of his gratification. Whenre-surveying these parts in H.M. ship Aid, I was naturally
anxious to learn the opinion of so eminent a predecessor,
Haiiey's and sought a sight of his manuscripts through my Austrian
colleagues ; but could only learn that they might possibly
be found, in course of time, in the gurgite vasto of the
Vienna archives.
Jesuits. In 1708 the Jesuits, under the auspices of their sagacious
and powerful brother, the Pere de la Chaise, for certain purposes of their own connected with Avignon, intrigued
with the minister—Count Pontechartrain—for permission
to make an extensive survey of the coast of Provence : their prayer was granted, and they set about the enterprise
with great apparent energy, but the results never appeared.
Diego Simultaneously with this undertaking, Seiior Diego Cuelbis was engaged in drawing up his Thesoro Chorographico of Spain and Portugal, of which a manuscript copy is preserved
in the British Museum (Harl. 3822), illustrated by penGorgo. and-ink sketches. Shortly afterwards, Sebastian Gorgoghone. glione, a skilful Genoese pilot, published his well-knownPortolano del Mare Mediterraneo, a work which quickly
POPULAR PORTOLANI. 345
became a popular standard among seamen, ran through
various large editions, and is still very extensively in use various
editions. with the cabotage vessels, or coasters. The first edition,
which I have never been able to meet with, though General
Visconti of Naples aided my search, was dubbed la veritabile e luminosissima face del mare, by no less an authority
than Admiral Angelo Emo, the last naval hero of republican
Venice. The best known editions are

I. Naples . . . 1717. III. Pisa . . . 1771.
II. Naples . . . 1726. IV. Leghorn 1799. V. Leghorn . . . 1815.
The next publication which had a decided run, was
a book written in 1732 by M. Ayrouaud, pilot of the m. A)rr°u- French king's galleys : this was a volume of Mediterranean
harbours, bays, and roadsteads, with views of the most
remarkable headlands, and reconnaissances des atterages;
which though a rechauffe of all others, with views so coarsely executed as only to merit the title of ' ugly like- nesses/ was considered by the native pilots to be an excellent accompaniment to Gorgoglione. The public approbation
of this work induced the Marquis d'Albert—who, although Marquis
very young, then presided at the hydrographic depot—to endeavour in 1737 to revive the project of M. de Chazelles;
but the result of his exertions was the production of so bad a chart, that the editors themselves felt it requisite to announce, that it was far from the perfection such a work
ought to possess. The next who bestirred himself with zealous activity in the cause, was the Marquis de Chabert, a very intelligent Marquis de officer in the French navy. This gentleman made a representation to the Acadcmie Eoyale des Sciences, on the state of Mediterranean hydrography; which able discussion is printed in their Memoires for 1759, page 484. In this, after enumerating the defects, he makes a direct proposition,
' pour former pour la mer Mediterram e, une suite de Cartes
346 CHABERT'S SCIENTIFIC CRUIZES.
Chabcrt's
first, cruize
.
Second.
Third.
Fourth.
Fifth!
Bellin.
exactes, accompagnees d'un Portulan;' asserting that all the existing graphic representations of that sea werewretched productions

qui ne meritoient pas le nom deCartes. M. Rouille, the then Minister of Marine, struck with so strong an assertion, appointed M. Chabert to sail on a cruize for the improvement of navigation. He ac- cordingly sailed, and visited numerous parts of the Levant
;
but I am not aware that any public good resulted. In1764, he again returned to the charge, and under theministry of the Duke of Choiseul, was entrusted withanother voyage of rectification. But although this cruize was an expensive one, the results were not communicated,however they might have been indirectly used in correction
:
for A. Drury, in his maps of the King of Sardinia's dominions, on twelve sheets, in 1765, together with the Republicof Genoa, is reported to have had access to all the documents in the depot at Paris. Be this as it may, theMarquis undertook another campagne in 1771, to fix various positions in the Archipelago; on which occasion hecarried with him Ferdinand Berthoud's chronometer, No. 3, which had done good service during M. TAbbe Chappe'svoyage to California. In 1775, he made yet another campagne, with two of Berthoud's watches, and is said to havedone much good work ; but the navigator was not informedhow. ' Ce travail, tres-etendu, n'a pas ete publie/ is theremark in the Histoire de la Mesure du Temps. Manyhave called this expedition his last scientific Mediterraneanvoyage; but it happens that there is in the British Museum(Add. MS. 15, 326, 14) a plan of which the title is—Plandu passage de Visle Longue, ou Mavro Nisi, a la cote orientate de la Attique, ou se trouve le mouillage de la Mandri, leve en 1787, par M. le Marquis de Chabert
Coeval with the early exertions of this nobleman, the
Sieur Bellin, Ingenieur de la Marine, et Censeur Royale,
and a Fellow of our Royal Society, published his Description, du Golfe de Venise, et de la Moree, his Corsica, and
CASSLNI'S TRIANGULATION. 347
his elaborate general Atlas. The latter was certainly the Benin's best ' got up' compilation which had as yet appeared ; and
though the style of the engraving may appear rather coarse,
still it is equal to the method of surveying at the time, and
there are many reasons why it should always find a station in a hydrographical library. It will be recollected that it was to secure a copy of this atlas, as well as to purchase, at any price, plans of all the French Mediterranean ports, that
Lord Camelford resolved upon going himself to Paris in Lord ca- the winter of 1798, while his ship—the Charon, 44—was
fitting at Woolwich : but that strange step led to his being
arrested at Dover, and superseded from his ship, on which
he indignantly quitted the navy.
Meantime, Cassini de Thury was throwing his grand Cassini de chain of triangles over France: still, without detracting
from the merits and exact particulars of his geometrical
description, it must be confessed that his contour of the
Mediterranean coast of that kingdom is both incorrect and
ill-drawn, conditions quite unexpected at such hands.
Between the years 1780 and 1785, several tolerable charts
of the south coast of France were issued from the Parisian
press ; yet they also proved inferior to what was looked for from their rumoured command of official documents. Baron Baron de de Zach, in his various visits to that part, between the years
1787 and 1805, made many astronomical and geodesical
observations at Marseilles, Toulon, and Hyeres; though, as he remarks, ' English fleets and French suspicions' prevented
his going to work on a large scale. In 1792, the French
Depot de la Marine published a very useful chart of the
space extending from the mouth of the Rhone to Villa Franca, on a scale about one-third that of Cassini's: this chart soon became well-known, but although it confessedly was a greatly improved specimen of hydrography, it still contained some serious errors. During these operations, various surveys had been made
in the Archipelago, under the direction and influence of
348 RIZZI ZANNONI.
Count de the Count de Choiseul Gouffier, so justly celebrated for his antiquarian and artistic researches: and several anchoragesin the Levant were amended byour naval officers —as Messrs,
Clancy, Kirby, Atkinson, and Captain John Stewart, of theSeahorse frigate—though their improvement in charto- graphy was but humble. Our travellers also rushed to those
shores in shoals : yet among the numerous (I had almostEnglish said innumerable) volumes printed by these gentlemen,though undoubtedly we gather much general information,
enjoy numbers of accurate pictures, and discuss many points
of scholarship, still we find but little which bears uponexact science; and among the myriads of adventurers,
scarcely anything is added to our hydrographic knowledge.Contemporaneously with the Count de Choiseul Gouffler's operations in Greece, was the survey of SouthernItaly, by a corps of engineers and draughtsmen, under thezannoni. direction of G. A. Bizzi Zannoni, a clever man, though hespread rather more sail than his stability warranted ; andwho was greatly patronized by King Ferdinand. The workwas conducted on a very extensive scale, and appeared to be worthy of the activity displayed; but the product wasnot of sufficient accuracy to warrant the great expenseincurred. After years of boat and field work, Zannonipublished a costly volume, comprising the coasts of Naplesand Calabria, on twenty-three large and fairly engravensheets; under the title, Atlante Marittimo delle due Sicilie;
Sicily proper, however, was not treated of beyond theFaro of Messina. The interior space was also mapped bythe same surveyors, and engraved by Nicholas de Guerra;and these two atlasses formed the main basis for the largeBacier publication which Bacler Dalbe brought out in 1 802, as theDaibe. QaTfe Generate des Royaumes de Naples, Sicile, et Sardaigne. In the year 1798, a chart of the Adriatic Sea, onnineteen sheets, was published at Venice as the combinedwork of Zannoni and Vincenzo di Luccio; the last beingthe doge's pilot, and one who had spent fourteen years in
SPANISH SURVEYORS. 349
examining the waters for hydrographical purposes. But r>e Luccio's though he is said to have delineated 413 shoals, and 410
islets more than had appeared in any former chart, and to have ascertained the direction and variation of all the
currents throughout what he terms that ' dangerous navigation/ I found his work replete with the grossest errors. No maritime nation in Europe had, towards the close Spanish
p i i c surveys. oi the last and at the beginning of the present century,
published so great a series of excellent charts as the
Spaniards, whose Joachims, Luyandos, Malespinas, Ciscars,
Bauzas, Ferrars, Espinosas, and others, carried nautical
science to all the littoral parts of the globe; and their labours have enjoyed the highest estimation among the
officers of our own navy. In 1783, after due preparation, a survey of the entire line of the coast of Spain, both in the Atlantic and the Mediterranean, was ordered by the
government of Spain. This was executed by the cadets of the naval academies under the direction of Don Vincente
Torino de San Miguel ; and the finely engraved charts of Tofino. the coasts and harbours, being drawn from large scales, form
an elegant collection, in two folio volumes called the Atlas
Maritimo de Espana, accompanied by a description of the
shores and directions for the navigation thereof, in two
quarto volumes, intituled Derrotero de Ices Costas de
Esparia; Madrid, 1789.
The views of the Spanish hydrographers were then ex- tended to other coasts, and their corrections were as valuable
as various. In 1802 Don Dionysio Alcala Galiano, and Gaiiano Don Josef Maria de Salazar, obtained several chronometric saiazar. differences between important stations; and they fixed numerous geographical positions at the Dardanelles, Constantinople, Smyrna, Candia, and the north coast of Africa. From these labours the best chart of the Mediterranean
which had yet appeared was constructed and published in
1 804, with the following title :

Carta esferica que comprchende las costas de Italic las dd Mar Adridtico, desde
350 SURVEY OF KARAMANIA.
Gaiiano's Cabo Venere hasta las islas Sapiencia en la Morea, y lascorrespondientes de Africa, parte de las islas de Corcega,y Cerdena, con las demas que comprehende este mar, ec. SP
atn
TrafaT- But the battle of Trafalg
ar crushed the Spanish pursuit ofsar- maritime science ; for it unfortunately happened that theonly captains of ships killed in their fleet during the decisivecombat on the 21st of October, were the three reputed themost accomplished officers they possessed ; namely, Gali-ano, Alcedo, and Chirucco, who respectively commandedthe Bahama, Montenez, and the San-Juan Nepomuceno,of 74 guns each.
Political events had increased our own acquaintancewith the Levant, and the absence of accurate knowledgerespecting some parts of it, was brought under the attentionof the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; who, as it was of importance to ascertain more completely the nauticalresources of Asia Minor, resolved to employ a frigate tomake a detailed survey of it. On this occasion it wasfortunate for the intellectual and professional character ofthe navy, that the Fredericksteen, of 32 guns, commandedCaptain ^y that excellent and well-informed seaman, Captain FrancisBeaufort. J 1 Beaufort, happened to be then stationed in the Archipelago,and consequently was selected for that service; since anofficer better qualified for settling the hydrography, anddescribing the venerable relics of antiquity of those inte- resting shores, did not exist. This survey, begun in July,1811, was pursued with diligence, until it was unhappilyterminated on the 20th of June, 1812, on Captain BeauHe is fort's being desperately wounded by a party of assassins at
' Ayyas, a bay on the north side of the Gulf of Iskenderun.Despite of the interruption and delay attending this disaster,
the fruits of the mission were a systematically digestedatlas of charts and plans, a nautical memoir of them, anda descriptive volume upon Karamania, of such merit as truly to meet the words

indocti discant et ament meminisse periti.
SUMMATION. 351
Having thus given a rapid sketch of the labours of Remark, those who preceded me, I am enabled to make a tolerable summary of the state of these matters at the opening of the nineteenth century : and it will be seen that, though
hydrography sprung up, as it were, in the Mediterranean,
and was strengthened by the local knowledge of intelligent
navigators and pilots, yet our present enlarged and accurate
familiarity with the waters and coasts of that sea, is the
result of the improved state of observation chiefly in our own times. Witness, among other remarkable cases which striking in- might be cited, the astonishment and agreeable surprise of those engaged in our Egyptian expedition, in the winter of 1800; when beating about in a furious gale, they unexpectedly found themselves sheltered in one of the finest harbours in the world, the Bay of Marmericheh, which had
never been heard of by a single man in the whole armament. (See page 78). No such port can any longer remain
hidden on our charts; and now, what with the great improvement in their execution under superior methods of
observation, a completer course of points chronometrically
determined, lighthouses more numerous and effective, with an increased number of better-placed buoys and beacons,
daily advances are made in insuring the safety and seconding the skill of the navigator.
Nor is it difficult to perceive a cause for the state of rrobabie mediocrity in which the hydrography of the Mediterranean
so long remained, especially in those parts remote from the
principal trading-places, in the constant and inveterate
warfare between the Cross and the Crescent, in which
defeat was ever attended with slavery and woe. Added to
this, nautical science must have been considerably weakened
by the division of the pilotage into two branches, the
navigazione di altum, or open-sea work : and the cabottagglo, or coasting voyages ; the second being held as secondary in rank compared with the first. By this rupture
of what in reality should only constitute a whole, an impe-
352 CHANGES IN CONSTANT ACTION.
Causes of diment to progress was surely created. While a select few of the best seamen bestirred themselves in the cause, by giving their attention to the establishment of the truecourse and distance from one place to another, and therebyfixing their latitudes and longitudes, the majority werecontent with lead and look-out, and the monitory dicta ofthe printed directories. To the combined action of thesetwo causes, together with political jealousies, and the operation of quarantine guards, it is to be imputed that a seasomewhat limited in extent, but of vast importance ina geographical and commercial point of view, and ofexceeding interest in various respects and places, shouldhave remained for so many ages, comparatively speaking,so imperfectly known.
Yet merit Still, much had been achieved, and much allowancewas dis- played, should be made for the greater portion of what remainedundone : and when we weigh the merits of our predecessors, we must consider them chronologically, for hydrography is peculiarly a progressive science, and as such has alwaysbeen so incomplete as to demand a continual correction ofits errors. And further, the contour of a coast, the depth ofthe waters which wash it, and the surface of the adjoiningland, may undergo strange alterations within the period ofeven a single century, from volcanic and electric agencies,
the combined action of winds, temperature, pressure, and thewhole train of atmospheric affections. These, however, areonly a part of the causation, for we must add the wearingof tides and currents, local anomalies, the works and efforts of man, extraordinary convulsions by land and sea, encroachments of the land on the sea, or the sea on the land, thelowering of mountains, the elevation of plains, and all theinjustice of other influences in a constant state of activity. Nothing,hypercritidsm. therefore, can be more unjust or unsound, though nothingis more common, than for geographers to condemn mostunsparingly the labours of their predecessors, withoutadverting to the circumstances, pro et con, in the history
HYPERCRITICISM. 353
of each case. An advance towards excellence will pro- bably be made in every future age, though an absolutely
correct and perfect chart can never be formed, as long as the powerful but invisible agents here enumerated continue
to act—complete perfection can never be obtained by
any work of man. Thus Cellarius, Riccioli, Merula, and
Salmasius, forgot to whom geography owed its rise to the
dignity of a science, and were very unduly severe in their improper censures on Ptolemy's mistakes, instead of ascribing them
to the defective knowledge and imperfect instruments of
his age ; while their own labours are now criticised with
as little candour by the writers of the present day ; who, if they reflect, may form some notion of the estimation in which themselves will be held by the learned geographers
of A.D. 2500

§ 4. The Author's Surveys.
U UCH then was the actual state of our hydrographical My com- ^
knowledge of the Mediterranean Sea when I first went ment. to Spain, in the Milford, of 74 guns, bearing the flag of Bear-Admiral Sir Richard Goodwin Keats. But of the
surveys above-mentioned, a portion only were known to us
generally ; and the miserable charts of Heather, Norie,
Blachford, and other ship-chandlers, were officially used in our ships of war. There was hardly a plan of any considerable harbour of our own execution, which had sufficient merit to illustrate a master's log-book, except some detached
draughts by Admiral John Knight, and the Maddalena
islands by Captain G. F. Ryves.
Being appointed to the command of a large Spanish
gun-boat, the Mors aut Gloria, on the 4th of September,
1810, one of the first acquisitions I made—and it was
through the courtesy of the late excellent Admiral Valdes

A A
354 MY EARLY RE-EXAMINATIONS.
Tofino's was the maritime survey of Don Vicente Torino, alreadymentioned. Gratified, however, as I was by the executionand elaborate details of that beautiful work, I could not butsoon perceive that there were various omissions, and not afew errors of commission ; and between the date just mentioned, and the close of 1812, I had many opportunities ofexamining the local minutiae, and making additions. MyToo impii- respect for so really valuable a publication—at that day theue/upon. very first work of its kind—prevented mypursuing this courseso earnestly as I should otherwise have done : but as eventhat work was susceptible of improvement, I made varioussketchy re-examinations of such portions as duty carried meto, and especially of Cadiz and its environs. And these cor-rections were continued, as well outside the Strait of Gibraltar as on the Mediterranean Coasts of France and Spain,and amid the Balearic Islands, in the Milford, the Spanishgun-boat, an armed transport, and the Rodney, 74. Having returned to England, I was requested in May,1813, by my friend and recent gun-boat commodore, SirRobert Hall, to join him in the Anglo-Sicilian flotilla, thenemployed in defending Sicily against the French underMurat. Previous to going out, I consulted with CaptainHurd, the hydrographer, to whom my late contributions tohis department had introduced me, respecting the state ofthe Mediterranean charts ; and having provided myselfwith some superior instruments, I offered every exertionin behalf of his office, whenever my other duties wouldallow an opportunity of so doing. My object, however, mthus proposing to act as a nautical surveyor on the strengthalone of my professional stock of practical knowledge ofthe subject, went merely to compass the construction of achart which should answer the ends of navigation betterthan those which were in use ;* for I had no hope of havingAppoint- ment to the Sici- lian flotilla.
Captain Hurd.
* Malte Brun said he was always in doubt when consulting a Mediter-ranean chart ; Baron de Zach found the positions in the Indian Ocean were
AID FEOM THE HYDROGRAPHIC OFFICE. 355
time enough to lay down, with rigorous exactitude, the
many leagues of coast in question. On this occasion the
Admiralty archives were thrown open to my scrutiny, and
every aid was given to my inquiries by the worthy captain, as well as by his excellent assistants, the late Mr. Walker, The Messrs and his son, Mr. Michael Walker, who is still (1853)
employed in the hydrographical office. From the quantity of documents placed before me on this investigation, of the respective merits of which there was no
criterion, I became impressed with the opinion which Captain Hurd and the Messrs. Walker had already entertained —namely, that they were provided well enough with de- The hydro- tached surveys, but that geographical points were wanted opinion.
8 for adjusting them to. In the hydrographer's own words,
he was ' in possession of sufficient documents to construct a
chart of the Mediterranean Sea, but was greatly at a loss for latitudes and longitudes to dress it by \ those before him
being so vague and conflicting, that he had not the position of a headland or a lighthouse that could be depended upon

insomuch that even the breadth of the entrance of the
Adriatic was unknown ! And previous to my sailing, he
sent me the following memorandum, as a guide :

Our knowledge of the coasts and neighbourhood of Sicily is extremely
deficient ; and although there are the three observatories of Palermo, Naples, and Malta, the exact position of any one of them is undetermined. * We
are also unacquainted with the true place of the important land-fall Maritimo, which, we are assured by experienced officers, is placed in the charts
better settled than those of North Africa ; and among the hydrographic remarks in Captain Beaver's logs for 1801, are found—'We are now working up between the Sporades and Asia, but can put no faith in the ' seacards,' as none of the islands are accurately placed, and many are entirely omitted.'—'The passage between Samos and the Formiche is disgracefully
laid down.'—'The land we marked last evening for Cape Gallo must have
been Matapan, but the charts are all so infamous that it is impossible to ascertain where one is, without running close in.' —'We are now off Toro, which is placed at least thirteen miles south of its proper Latitude.'

(See Life of Captain Philip Beaver, page 154.)
* Meaning, no doubt, that they had not been officially communicated
to his office ; and that therefore he was unable to pronounce exactly upon
them. A A 2 .
356 THE OFFICIAL OPINION.
Captain Hurd's
minute,
Sir Robert
Hall.
Faro of Messina.
twenty miles too far to the westward ; and Cape Bon, on the African shore,
six or seven too much to the eastward. This, if true, constitutes a most
serious error, as the Esquirques, Keith's Reef, and various other dangers,
at present scarcely known, lie in the fair-way, and nearly mid-distance be- tween the Sicilian and African shores. All the charts of Sicily that I have examined are at variance with each
other ; and, from our having no good authority for either, we are at a loss which to select as the best : but there are many reasons for supposing a portion has been placed by a compass north, without allowing for variation, and the adjoining parts by a true one : nor have we any particular plans to be depended upon. The JEolian group, Pantellarias, Ustica, and Lampedusa, with several smaller islands, are not properly placed in any of the published charts, and
very little is yet known as to their history, exact number, or relative posi- tions with each other ; and there are some shoals supposed to exist on the southern and western coasts of Sicily, which it would be praiseworthy to search for, as many unaccountable losses and disappearance of vessels have
taken place, at various times, in those parts. We have no official chart descriptive of the coasts of Malta and Goza
;
and as these islands now form a part of the British Empire, it will be neces- sary to have them hydrographically examined, and their dangers pointed
out. The coasts of Sardinia and Corsica are but imperfectly known, though we have some fair detached plans of their ports ; it would therefore be very
desirable to obtain accurate observations on the most material points, and
to examine the shores as far as they may be practicable. On my arrival in Sicily, Sir Robert Hall—who was notone of the class, so common at that time, that deemedthe charts in use ' good enough'—kindly offered every aidby suiting my flotilla employment, as far as he could, to theproposed hydrographical researches. On local examination,it appeared that Rizzi Zannoni's large plan of the Faro ofMessina, which Captain Hurd had handed to me as meetingall the wants of the seaman, was replete with errors, andunsatisfactory in its details : I therefore bestirred myself inmaking a new survey of that interesting Strait, althoughmy first intention was only the chronometric measurementof arcs. My means, on the whole, were rather powerful,for a good vessel and crew were allotted to me, and thestores of the arsenal were at my requisition. Besides beingarmed with two excellent chronometers—one (Eamshaw,825) belonging to myself, and the other (Arnold, 807) tothe Admiralty, I had also been furnished by the hydrographer with a 5-inch theodolite, a micrometrical telescope,
INSTKUMENTAL MEANS. 357
a sextant, and a station-pointer. My own stock of working
tools consisted of a portable transit; a 10-inch reflecting instru- circle, reading to 20" of arc ; a 9-inch quintant, divided
by a vernier to 10" of arc, with a stand and counterpoises,
made expressly for me by Troughton ; a dipping-needle

a variation dial ; a finely-divided circular protractor, with
spring points ; a 3|-foot achromatic telescope, with an
object-glass of 2}-inches diameter ; a Gregorian reflector, of 5 inches aperture ; a Rochon prismatic telescope, and some minor instruments, including a well-poised marine
barometer, three of Six's thermometers, and De Luc's
hygrometer.
The political crisis and activity of that period occasioned
my being ordered about between Sicily, Calabria, and Naples rather abruptly ; by which, though my principal survey was interrupted, I was enabled to obtain some very satis- factory chronometric runs. These were carried to the Observatory at Palermo, where the able and amiable Abbate Abbate Piazzi always afforded me every assistance; and where I got drilled into a more regular system of astronomical observation than I had heretofore been able to learn. By
these means, many of the adjacent capes and headlands were
determined, and the sinuosities between them were recon- noitered as occasion served. At length, public affairs took a decisive turn, and, in the political summer of 1814, the evacuation of Sicily by our army was
ciange- resolved upon. It was a stirring moment; and Sir Robert
Hall having been called to command on the lakes of Canada, I was left, with Colonel Robinson of the Marines,
to deliver over the army-flotilla to the Sicilian government,
after winding up its affairs, and paying off the greater part
of the men. It now struck me that a favourable moment
offered for effectually examining the coasts of the island and its dependencies; and not being under orders either to join Sir Edward Pellew's fleet or to return home, I deter- mined upon remaining on the spot. Naselli, the minister
358 BORROWED ESTABLISHMENT.
The gunboat.
Captain
Henryson
Lieut. Thompson.
The new
commanderin-chief.
The letter.
of Marine, was friendly to my intention, as were also several
of the principal functionaries, and I therefore experienced nodifficulty in borrowing from the government one of their
finest gun-boats, a large paranzello manned with thirty
Sicilians; to which was supplied a capital luntra, or boatlike a whaler's, but larger, being sharp at both ends, anddouble-banked for eight oars. Thus equipped, I prevailed on my friends, Captain Henryson of the Royal Engineers,
and Lieut. Edward Thompson of the Royal Staff-Corps
who were likewise waiting for final orders—-to accompanyme round the island; and these gentlemen, as my guests,
gave me the only personal assistance I received, aiding megreatly in sketching the topography and fortifications duringthe time occupied by my nautical and astronomical operations, and assisting in the reduction of the various observations. A general peace now took place; the fleet was orderedto England, and Rear-Admiral Penrose came out, with areduced squadron, to take charge of the Mediterraneanstation. This worthy and accomplished officer, after makinghimself duly acquainted with all the bearings of the case, warmly approved of the step I had taken ; and as he consi- dered the object of too public an interest to be carried outon individual means, he communicated his views to theAdmiralty. Shortly afterwards, on my submitting a portionof the survey to his examination and care, he wrote the fol- lowing official letter to the Board :

H.M.S. Queen, at Sea, Uh April, 1815.
Sir, —Lieutenant Smyth having delivered to my charge some finished plans of ports in Sicily, requesting me to forward them for the inspection of
the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, I have promised to do so by the
first safe opportunity. I feel it my duty to add, that the celebrated Piazzi, as well as the officers of engineers, and all other judges, give ample testimony to the extreme
accuracy of the observations and calculations of Lieutenant Smyth, and I have had opportunities of comparing some on the spot, which fully corroborate it. His written remarks, both in a nautical and military point of view,
are very valuable; and he has the advantage of uniting great celerity of operation with extreme exactitude.
REAK-ADMIRAL PENROSE'S LETTER, 359
The respectable light in which he is held by all the Sicilian ministers and authorities will enable him to act with much greater effect than any
other person. I venture to press the merits of Mr. Smyth with more confidence because he was entirely unknown to me, till I saw the utility of his professional labours in Sicily. The very great errors detected in former charts, exhibit the value of the present survey in a strong light.I have the honour to be, &c,
(Signed) C. V. Penkose, Rear-Ad/miral. To J. W. CroJcer, Esq., Admiralty. I was promoted to the rank of Commander in September,
1815; but notwithstanding the admiral's friendly exertions,
and they were often renewed, I remained shifting entirely on my own means, and without any official instructions, till the spring of 1817. By this time I had made tolerably- detailed surveys of the coast of Sicily, Malta, and the neighbouring islands; besides having ascertained various geographical points on the shores of Italy and North Africa. Moreover, I attended Lord Exmouth in his first expedition Lord Ex- to the Barbary States, with my paranzello ; and when at
mouth- Tripoli, prevailed on him to obtain from the Basha of that
Regency the permission by which I afterwards made the
excavations at Leptis Magna (see the Appendix), and exa- Lept mined the surrounding country. These several services having been performed under the eye of the Rear-Admiral,
he again and earnestly urged the Admiralty to supply me
with proper assistance ; and in this he was warmly seconded
by Lieutenant-General Sir Thomas Maitland, the energetic Sir Thomas
Maitland. governor ol Malta. In the meantime, a circumstance happened which considerably strengthened the case. Early in June, 1816, the
French corvette-gabarreX a Ghevrette, commandedby Captain Capt. Gaut- Gauttier du Pare, arrived at Valetta on a duty similar to that which I proposed to execute—namely, to make chro- nometric runs, for the purpose of adjusting the various
detached surveys already made. A most friendly inter- course was maintained between us, and I assisted in placing
his circle on the very spot winch had lately been occupied
Magna.
360 CAPT. GAUTTIER'S PROMPT LETTER.
by my own. A comparison, of course, took place; and boththe Admiral and the General expressed themselves highlyAgreement gratified on finding, that the mean result of the Frenchofobser- . 1
. . vations. operations gave precisely the same position for the Palacetower, as that which I had already given in. Such a conclusion was gratifying, although its full agreement wasaccidental; still a representation of the fact was officially
forwarded by Sir Charles Penrose to the Admiralty, on theOfficers of 18th of June. From Captain Gauttier, from LieutenantsZlttT' de Lloffre, Gay, and Matthieu, from MM. Benoist, Allegre,
Kichard, Jacquinot, and Berard, and indeed from everyofficer of that ship, I received the most marked kindnessand respect; and our intercourse was under an open andunreserved communication of instruments, methods, anddocuments. But in spite of all this being well known to the local naval, military, and civil authorities, and it wasa bad spirit indeed matter of publicity, there was a spirit of detractionabroad which endeavoured, though fruitlessly, to sow discord,between us. Some comments on my work, anything butcomplimentary, were made in one or two of the Sicilian papers, which drew an indignant reply from the AbbatePiazzi and Piazzi ; and Captain Gauttier wrote the following letter tothe editor of L'Osservatore Peloritano, & copy of whichwas forwarded to the Admiralty, and another to me, throughthe intelligent M. Angrand, the French consul at Malta.The editor says

Essendo corso un' involontario equivoco nell' articolo, riguardante le osservazioni idrografiche fatte dal Sig. Gauttier, inscritto nell' ultimo numerodel nostro Giornale, ci afrrettiamo a rettificarlo col publicare la seguente
lettera, tradotta dal francese, a quest' oggetto dirizzataci dal perlodato
Sig. Gauttier. A bordo delta Gabarra, la Chevrette, nella radadi Messina, li 19 Settembre, 1817. Signoke,—Nel vostro foglio del 17 corrente avete fatto qualche cenno
sulla missione idrografica di cui sono incaricato. lo non so d' onde avete potuto procurarvi questi dettagli, ma sono stato assai sorpreso quando ho
letto 1' articolo che parla di osservazioni fatte dal Sig. W. Smyth, che io ho
rettificato, come voi dite. V"i priego, Signore, di smentire questo articolo per essere del tutto erroneo.
All' epoca del mio passaggio per Malta, io ed il Sig. Smyth ci abbiamo
H.M. SHIP 'AID' ARRIVES. 361
reciprocamente communicate le osservazioni da noi fatte sulle coste
della Sicilia, ed abbiamo avuto la soddisfazione di trovarle perfettamente
d' accordo.* Ho 1' onore di salutarvi. (Firmato) II Capitano di Fregata, Cav. di S. Luigi,
e della Legion d' Onore,
P. Gauttieb. At length the Admiralty gave me an official appointment to proceed with my reconnaissance of the Mediter- ranean shores: and on the 7th of May, 1817, the Aid Arrival of
the Aid sloop-of-war arrived at Malta, to bear my pendant. Maritime surveying, however, was not then well understood even
at head-quarters, or a faster vessel, with at least one tender,
would have been equipped. But instead of this, the Aid—on
being inspected by the Admiral, the Commissioner, and Her state, myself, was found to be in want of several material requisites for the service she was about to proceed upon, and
even to require substantial repairs. A partial remedying
of these defects detained her till the 27th of June, when I was happy to find myself in a more efficient position than
I had hitherto been. During the time the ship was in the
dockyard, I concerted measures with the commander-inchief for carrying my own plan of operations into execution ; pianof pro- this plan was, in the first place, to go to the Channel between
cee g* Sicily and Malta, and there complete my examination, while
waiting for the expected ship which was to embark the
architectural relics I had collected at Leptis Magna for the
Prince Regent. After those remains should have been
* In November, 1829, I had the pleasure of receiving a letter from Sig. N. Cacciatore, the Astronomer Royal of Palermo, stating that in the previous
August he had measured a base-line, and laid a series of triangles, from
Trapani to Maretimo, and thence to Cape San Vito, the whole of which, down to every rock and shoal, he found to agree so perfectly with my survey,
that lie could not but publish the results. His words are—' Io nel mese
passato ho mesurato una base, ed ho fissato una serie di triangoli sulla costa, e nello isole di Trapani, Favignana, Levanzo, Maretimo, e Capo S. Vito. Debbo dirle, che ho trovato tutt' i punti della costa, tutt' i scogli, e tutte le innuinerabili secche di quei paraggi, notati col massimo rigore ed esatezza
nella sua carta idrografica. Io sto descrivendo questo lavoro che pubblicherb ; e con piacere annunzierb che le di lei osservazioni, c descrizioni,
le ho trovate tutte rigorosamente esatte.'
meter
362 ADOPTED LINE OF PROCEDURE.
stowed in the vessel's hold, under my inspection, I proposedIonian next to repair to the Ionian Islands : to which, from our thenIslands. „ .. recent occupation, ol them, our ships were often sent ; and onwhich, from the utter worthlessness of the government charts,
they as often ran on shore. It was also evident, that besides
furnishing a series of geographical points, as stipulated, the
features of the coast would absolutely demand a re-examination ; and that though the Admiralty might possess tole- rable plans of some of the principal ports, still we could fill upmany a gap. And lest untoward events should interrupt such
a course, or draw me away during its execution, I adopted acnrono- festina-lente method, entirely—so far as I know—my own;namely, to take the ship—as much as possible under easy
weather for the chronometer-rates—to the various ports, as normal stations for a principle of mensuration obviously
simple and accurate, thence to cast angles wherever theycould be thrown or continued, and to fill in the less-broken
shores between, by the boats and patent-log runs. By such means I hoped to effect the primary object of fixing lati- tudes and longitudes, to develope many tracts which wereall but unknown to our charts, and to rectify others whichhad been imperfectly surveyed. On discussing these several points with Sir Charles Penrose, I had the satisfaction of receiving his hearty acquiescence.
Shortly after I had commenced carrying out these
views, a correspondence was opened with me through the
Baron medium of Sir Thomas Maitland, by Baron Potier des
Echelles, a major of the Austrian staff, respecting the
Adriatic Sea ; the large chart of which then in use, thoughvaunted as an actual survey of Yincenzio di Luccio, wasabsolutely deemed a disgrace to hydrography. It seems
that, after their military occupation of Italy in 1799, the
French had been actively examining the shores and lagoons
of the Venetian territory, and completing the observations
already made thereon by their countryman, Pierre A.
Potier.
THE ADRIATIC SURVEY CONVENTION. 363
Forfait. In 1808 and 1809 they ordered some detached
surveys to be made on its eastern shores, under the cele- brated Beautems Beaupre, whose works approach nearer to Beautems perfection than any that hitherto have been made in that
quarter. From the examinations then obtained, together
with other occasional observations and corrections, a very
tolerable Piloto Pratico, or coast directory, from Trieste to the mouth of the Tronto, was compiled by the geographicalengineer, Ignazio Prina, and published in 1816. In the ign. Prina. meantime, the Austrians—who had previously employed a
party of staff-officers under Marshal von Zach, a brother of Marshal the well-known astronomer, in making a special survey of the Venetian states—when they re-entered Italy in 1816,
recommenced their geographical labours on the shores of the Adriatic Sea. They had made a considerable advance
along their own coasts when they heard of my mission;
whereupon I was formally applied to for the purpose of giving their operations a maritime completion, as well as to carry on a continuation of the survey along the Turkish
shores as far as Parga, where respect could then be com- manded only by the British flag. In consequence of this proposition, and fully empowered by the Admiral, I repaired
to Naples early in 1818, and there entered into a convention
with Marshal Koller, Count Nugent, Colonel Visconti, and Marshal
Koller. Baron Potier, by which I engaged to blend all the detached count Nu- operations of the several parties into one maritime work,
gul
and to complete the eastern shores to Parga, Corfu, and
Paxo. For this purpose it was agreed that I should embark
with me four Austrian staff-officers, namely, Baron Potier, Austrian Baron Granzenstein—Marshal Koller's brother-in-law, Baron poutan* Jetzer, and Lieutenant Lapie ; with two Neapolitan °
cerb' engineers, Captain Soldan and Lieutenant Giordano.
Moreover, an Austrian sloop-of-war, the Velox, of 20 guns, commanded by Captain Poltl, was placed under my orders;
and I was to have the occasional assistance of the gun-
364 CAPTAIN HURD, ON THE ADRIATIC.
Untoward
reserve.
boats stationed in the principal ports. To this force,
Colonel Visconti afterwards added two more officers of the
Neapolitan staff, Captain Chiandi and Lieutenant Bardet. All this was highly satisfactory. But I ought here to
say, that notwithstanding these shores had been thus underexamination, the results thereof were not before the public
:
and though a slight outline lucido, or transparent tracing
of a general chart, was furnished by my collaborateurs, I was not made aware of the nature and extent of what hadbeen actually achieved by them, and deposited in the
archives at Milan. Nor did I ever see any of Beaupre's worktill Captain Gauttier showed me several manuscript surveys
of harbours, with which he had been entrusted by the Depotde la Marine at Paris. Indeed, such was the general
ignorance of Adriatic hydrography, that Captain Hurd, in a representation which he made to the Admiralty, said
Captain
Hurd's
official note.
Course
adopted.
AD the charts of the Adriatic that I have seen are erroneous in regard to
its eastern shores, except a small Venetian one, which is, however, published on so small a scale as to be of little use to the navigator. There are grounds
for supposing that the coasts of Albania and the Morea have had but little scientific attention paid to them. I would therefore recommend a survey
to be undertaken of all that part comprehended between Ragusa and the
island of Cerigo, including the Seven Islands ; or, if this should* not be
judged practicable, that correcting observations at all the principal points
of land should be made, to enable us in some measure to correct these errors, as far as the same can be done by such means. A judicious and skilful ob- server employed on this duty, would very soon make us acquainted with
everything necessary to enable us to form a chart thereof, sufficiently correct
for all general purposes. Not being able clearly to ascertain what my co-operators
had accomplished, until visiting the Geographical Institute
at Milan towards the close of our labours, I adopted
Captain Hurd's statement as a guide. Accordingly, with
the excellent means then at my disposal, a chronometric
chain was run over the whole sea, and extended into
detail by copious triangulations ; copies of which, together
with particular plans of the harbours we resorted to, were promptly sent both to Milan and Naples. But throughout
the whole of these proceedings there was certainly much
COMPLETION OF THE ADRIATIC SURVEY. 365
less of reserve and mystery at the latter place than had
crept into the former ; my direct application for information was overlooked, and it consequently happened that much
time was expended in doing work twice over. However, the
object which was steadily kept in view being accomplished
by the close of the year 1819, I discharged the Austrian The Aus- sloop-of-war and the foreign officers ; an arrangement which Neapo- brought forward mutual expressions of regret, for those gen- cers de
_

tlemen and ourselves had always been on the best of terms,
pa and for nearly two years they had ever obeyed my directions with alacrity and good-will. ' Au moment/ wrote Baron Potter's Potier, the senior officer embarked, c que je regrette de me
separer de vous, je me rappelle doublement toute Tattention
et amitie avec laquelle vous m'avez comble, et que je me
ferai toujours un devoir de vous reiterer vivement a chaque
occasion/*
Having thus secured a chart of the Adriatic Sea, similar operations were continued through the southern Ionian
Islands, with the opposite shores of Albania and the Morea.
This being completed by June, 1820, my reconnaissance of Return to the west coast of Italy was resumed, and we were busily
employed on the Riviera of Genoa, when I was suddenly
recalled overland to England in the winter of that year : the and Engship followed soon afterwards, and was paid off at Deptford on the 22nd of January, 1821.
During this time, Captain Gauttier had continued his chronometric runs, and he had annually obtained the per- mission of his government to meet me. In the numerous
* From what is about to follow, I should mention that the Emperor of Austria afterwards presented me with a valuable gold box set with diamonds

and two of my best stations—Budua and Pola—were marked each by a
small stone pyramid on the spot where the instrument stood, with this inscription

OBSERVATIO ASTRONOMIC
AB W. H. SMYTH ANGLORUM NAVIS AID PRiEFECTO, REGNANTE IMPERATORE
l'KANCISOO 1°, MDCCCXVI1I.
366 MY CONFIDENCE IN CAPTAIN GAUTTIER,
and unreserved communications which occurred with this
Gauttier's highly-efficient officer, I found his methods and practice so
observations, truly good, as to call for the utmost reliance on the results. On making a comparison of our respective works, wealways found a fair agreement wherever we observed onshore; but that our secondary points sometimes differed: thus, writing to me in March, 1819, he says: ' Voustrouverez ci-joint la position geographique de tous les principaux points de TAdriatique que j'ai fixe Fannee der- niere ; vous y verrez que les points qui se trouvent communsdans votre travail et le mien s'accordent en longitudes.
Nos latitudes different bien d'avantage, mais j'ai peu d'ob- servations E et 0/ As this letter followed one in whichhe showed me his intention of triangulating the whole of theMy views Archipelago, and its boundary coasts, it struck me that byan easy arrangement we could mutually benefit each other,
and the correction of the chart of the whole MediterraneanSea be speedily effected ; therefore, as the document alludedto was the basis of my succeeding operations, it should hereappear in full :

Ministere de la Marine et des Colonies, Paris, le 5 Fevrier, 1819. Monsieur et Ami,—Je n'ai pas l'avantage de recevoir de vos nouvelles depuis l'epoque oh nous nous sommes separe* a Corfou; je crois cependant que vous devez etre actuellement en Angleterre: c'est pourquoi je vous
adresse ma lettre dans ce pays, le General Brisbane ayant la bonfe* de se charger de vous la faire parvenir.
Gauttier's ^ a*
*"au^ ce^e amide quatre stations dans l'Archipel, sur les sommets de
excellent Milo, Ze"a, Paros, et Naxie, la base qui va me servir a determiner tous les process, sommets des lies de l'Archipel a 6t6 me'sure'e au moyen d'un grand nombre
de series de hauteurs de la Polaire prises avec le cercle astronomique, qui ont determine la latitude de chacun de ces points a moins de deux secondes, et comme le gisement de cette base, d'apres les azimuts observes a Milo, est le Nord 1° 15' 48" Ouest: je suis sur de sa longueur, que j'ai trouvee exacte- ment de 57 milles, a moins de 2".*
* In a subsequent letter M. Gauttier entered into minute details respect- ing this base-line, and the several series of Pole-star altitudes taken with his excellent repeating-circle by Le Noir. It seems that the final results of these series differed only four sexagesimal seconds among themselves ; and
there is reason to believe that the mean result may be found in the very
close limits of which these observations are susceptible.
AND CONSEQUENT MISSION TO PAKIS. 367
Je vous envois la position ge'ographique des sommets de toutes ies lies des Cyclades determines au moyen de ma base : ce sont des triangles spheriques qui ont servi a determiner ces points en supposant la terre ronde. On
a calcule pour chacun Tangle au Pole, qui donne leur difference en longi- tude, et puis la distance polaire, ou le complement de leur latitude. On compte terminer cette annee, au dep6t, la construction de la carte de Gauttier's
la Mediterranee en deux feuilles ; comme la mer Adriatique entre dans la a ours* premiere de ces feuilles, vous m'obligeriez beaucoup de m'envoyer ce que
vous m'avez promis sur cette mer, que je vous prie d'adresser au dep6t de la marine, en cas que je ne sois plus a Paris. Vous voyez que la carte que
nous allons publier est une carte routiere. Dans quelques annees d'ici, quand j'aurai eu le loisir de construire tous les petits details dont j'ai les materiaux, on publiera alors des cartes particulieres de l'Adriatique, de
l'Archipel, et de la partie la plus orientale de la Mediterranee. J'espere
finir la campagne procbaine tout l'Arcbipel; il ne me restera plus a faire que
la mer None pour les campagnes suivantes. Je desirerais bien avoir encore le plaisir de vous rencontrer cette annee, mais je compte me rendre directement a Milo. Si vous etiez cependant a Zante a cette epoque, et que je fus contrarie a 1' entree de l'Archipel, j'y re- lacherais pour avoir le plaisir de vous voir, ainsi que Madame Smyth, a
laquelle je vous prie faire agreer mes hommages respectueux.
J'ai l'honneur d'etre, avec les sentimens d'un parfait attachement, Monsieur, Votre tres humble et obeissant servitem', P. Gauttier. When consulted therefore by Lord Melville, then First My opinion thereon Lord of the Admiralty, on my arrival in England, upon adopted the state and prospects of Mediterranean hydrography, MeMiie. as time was a far greater element in such considerations then than it is now, it became a duty to represent my
conviction of the inutility of Gauttier and myself going
over the same ground, with objects so nearly the same. 1 then informed his lordship of the French operations, and
assured him that, after careful examination no hesitation could remain as to their accuracy. I also showed, that if they saved the necessity of my working in the Archipelago,
it would enable both of us to give a better completion to our respective labours ; for there were various points of my own in the Western Basin which required additional attention ; and that most of the space between Algiers
and Alexandria, on the north coast of Africa, was hydrographically a blank. His lordship was pleased so to ap- prove of my remarks as to authorize me to proceed to
368 A CO-OPERATOR TAKES UMBRAGE AT
Paris, in December, 1820, empowered to enter into anAdmiral de arrangement with Admiral de Rossel, the hydrographicdirector, for an official interchange of the projected labours. On arriving in that city, the proposition was most favour- ably entertained by Admirals Count Rosily-Mesros and DeRossel, and the members of the Board of Longitude, MM.Delambre, Arago, and Beautems Beaupre ; and I received a copy of all the French results in the Archipelago, Levant,
My proposi- and Black Sea, which were then reduced. To my great
tion ac- . „ . cepted. disappointment, Captain Gauttier was in quarantine at Toulon ; but he was made acquainted with every step
taken, and wrote to me —' Soyez bien persuade de mareconnaissance pour la maniere franche et loyale de vos communications, et j'espere que vous pensez de la mememaniere a mon egard/
Coolness This account is the more detailed, because it will provecampana. no sught was thrown on the labours of my contemporaries ; while my conduct in respect to recommending the Frenchoperations for adoption will also show the high value which I placed upon time. Now, it appeared that certain remarks onthe want of confidence shown me bythe Milan authorities hadgiven umbrage, and that a letter of mine to Baron de Zach,
which he printed in his Correspondance Astronomique,gave pain to an individual to whom nothing personal wasintended. It was the system, and not the person, I meantSeasons for to impugn ; for, in consequence either of delay or neglect,
ducti0n or the tiresome and tedious forms of office, the grounds were not communicated upon which the Imperial Geographical Institute at Milan was putting our joint work to- gether for publication ; and my friends in the Topographical
Office at Naples were equally in the dark. Colonel Campana, the Director of the Imperial Institute, at length for-^ warded to Baron de Zach a prospectus of an Adriatic Atlas
for insertion in his widely-circulated periodical ; on which
the Baron directly inquired of me what degree of precision
he might safely assign to the geodetical points thus handed
MY LETTER TO BARON DE ZACH. 369
to him.* Not being in actual possession of the means they
had adopted, I returned the following reply, dated loth
March, 1826:—
Vous me demandez, Monsieur le Baron, jusqu'a quel degre de precision on peut compter sur les positions geographiques des lieux dans le golfe de
Venise, gravies sur la carte directrice de cette mer, publie'e au depot des
cartes a Milan, et que vous avez rapportees dans le viiie volume, cahier v., p. 490, de votre correspondance astronomique. Je vous dirai done que tous ces points ont e'te" de'termine's en premier Visconti's
lieu, geodesiquement par un canevas de triangles, qui a e'te
- conduit le long triangle, des cotes par le Colonel Ferdinand Visconti. Tous ces points ont e'te" rdduits au meridien et a la perpendiculaire du clocher de St. Francois de Ripatranzone, d'ou enfin on a tire" les longitudes et les latitudes. En second lieu, plusieurs de ces endroits ont ete" de'terniine's par moi astronomiquement,
e'est a dire, les longitudes par des chronometres, les latitudes par des hauteurs meridiennes des astres. Pour vous donner une preuve dans quelles
limites les longitudes ont e'te" de'terniine'es, afin que vous puissiez en juger par vous meme, je vous rapporterai ici quelques exemples, qui vous feront
voir 1' accord qui regne dans ces determinations faites selon les differentes me"thodes, ce qui a servi de controle, et pour ainsi dire, de pierre-de-touche a tout ce travail. Vous savez aussi, Monsieur le Baron, que le Capitaine Captain Gauttier a de meme parcouru la mer Adriatique; cet habile officier de la Gauttier. Marine Royale Francaise y a egalenient fait plusieurs bonnes determinations ; or, voici l'dchantillon d'un tableau qui fera voir cet accord:

Long. d'Otranto selon le Capt. Smyth .... 16° 09' 50" de Paris. „ „ selon le Capt. Gauttier . . . . 16 09 00 „ ,, selon les triangles du Col. Visconti 16 09 30 "1 Long. deBrindisi selon le Capt. Smyth . . . . 15 38 17 „ „ selon le Capt. Gauttier . . . . 15 36 40 „ ,, selon les triangles du Col. Visconti 15 37 59*9 Long, de Bari selon le Capt. Smyth . . . . 14 32 40
,, ,, selon les triangles du Col. Visconti 14 32 041
* This opinion was asked because the Baron was aware of some of the
particulars ; and a notice which he published after visiting the A dventure
in 1823 (see his Correspondance Astronomique, vol. iv. page 143), will show
that reserve formed no part of my character: —' Le 12 du mois d'AoM, M.
le Capitaine Smyth est venu relacher avec son observatoire flottant dans le port de Genes. J'ai eu la seconde fois le plaisir et l'avantage de revoir, et de m'entretenir avec ce marin distingue' sous tant de rapports. Cet habile
officier a eu la bonte" de me communiquer, et de me fane voir avec sa fran- chise ordinaire, tous les travaux qu'il a fait depuis que nous nous sommes
vus la derniere fois. II m'a montre" tous ses journaux, observations, plans,
cartes, soit gravies soit dessindes, il n'avait rien de cache" ni pour moi, ni pour personne. II ne craint pas les communications ; sur de son fait, ses travaux peuvent supporter l'ceil du scrutateur. II ne fait aucun mystere de
ses observations, car les Anglais ne pensent pas que des Longitudes, des lati trades, des .•l/.innits, des liases, et des triangles peuvent §tre des secrets dYiat B B
370 COLONEL CAMPAKA'S REPLY.
Long. deCorfou selon le Capt. Smyth 17° 35' 23" de Paris. „ „ selon le Capt. Gauttier .... 17 35 50 „
„ „ selon les triangles du Col. Visconti 17 35 41*4 ,, „ „ par l'eclipse d'Aldebaran* . . . 17 34 41 „
Remark. To this letter I added a full list of the reduction ofVisconti's triangles, in French metres, which is appended in the fourteenth volume of the Correspondance; but as therewas no mention of the points adopted by the Milan Institute, nor any names of the Austrian staff given—which, asalready shown, were in these particulars unknown to me—•
it gave rise to a little warmth. Colonel Campana wrote astatement for publication, which he forwarded to Baron deZach, and which that gentleman, after consulting me,printed in his fifteenth volume, page 51. To preserveconsistency, I here reprint it :

Campana's Je m'etais flatte, Monsieur le Baron, que d'apres les details explicatifs
letter. de la maniere dont on a determine les differentes positions geographiques
gravees sur la carte directrice de l'Atlas de la mer Adriatique publiee par
cet I. R. Institut geographique Militaire, et contenu dans l'annonce de
l'Atlas que j'ai eu l'honneur de vous envoyer, et que vous avez eu la bonte
d'inserer en partie dans votre Correspondance Astronomique, on n'aurait pas
revoque en doute le degre de precision de ces positions. Mais comme la lettre de M. le Capitaine Smyth publiee dans le ive cahier du volume xiv. de la meme correspondance fait presumer qu'on n'est pas tout a fait tranquille la-dessus, vous me permettrez, M. le Baron,
d'ajouter ce qui suit, savoir : que tous les triangles qui s'etendent sans inter- ruption le long des cotes depuis Budua (Dalmatie) jusqu'a Sta. Maria di Leuca (Royaume de Naples) ont ete mesures, soit par les ofliciers de l'etat major general Autrichien, soit par ceux de l'etat major Napolitain, avec beaucoup de soin ; c'est pourquoi les latitudes et les longitudes des differents points qui en ont ete deduites doivent meriter la preference, sans vouloir
contester pour cela le merite de celles des savans marins, qui dans la suite ont determine quelques unes de ces memes positions. Du reste, l'accord assez satisfaisant qui se trouve entre les longitudes determinees geodesiquement, et celles qui l'ont ete par les methodes pratiquees par les marins rapportees par M. le Capitaine Smyth dans la lettre ci-dessus
citee, peut servir a faire juger du degre de precision de l'Atlas en question
depuis Budua jusqu'a Parga (Albanie Turque), ou les positions n'ont ete
fixees que par les methodes des marins. C'est pour completer l'echantillon
* This occultation obtains a place here, because it seems to have been
admirably observed, under the most favouring circumstances, by Inghirami
at Florence, Oriani and Carlini at Milan, and Captain Chiandi at Corfu. It occurred on a beautiful evening, .c th March, 1813.
COLONEL VISCONTI'S EARNESTNESS. 371
donne" par M. le Capitaine Smyth que je prends la liberte" de vous presenter Comparison
ici la comparaison des longitudes de quelques autres points de 1' Atlas :

of Points.
NOMS DES LlEUX. Pkovenance.
(Longitudes comptees de Paris.)
Galiola Ec. dans le Quarnero
Selve, Eglise Sansego, isle, sommet . Arbe, Eglise Porno, Ecueil
Cazza, isle, sommet . Lagosta, signal Trigonom.
Ecueil S. Niccolb di Budua
Sta. Maria di Leuca . .
Triangles de
Dalmatie. 11° 50' 17" 12 21 38
11 57 33
12 25 29 13 07 25
14 10 39 14 31 30
16 31 08
16 02 40
Cap. Smyth. 11° 49' 55" 12 20 28
11 57 20
12 25 00
13 07 10 14 10 57 14 31 08
16 30 32
16 02 57
Cap. Gauttier. 11° 49' 30"
14 10 30 14 31 10 16 30 30
anger.
This letter occasioned a reply from me to Lieut.-General Baron Pro
chaska. the Baron Prochaska, Chef d'Etat Major at Vienna, because
I thereby accidentally learned, in July, 1826, what ought
to have been officially communicated to me in the spring of 1818. The want of a more liberal unanimity was, however,
injurious to the Austrian publication; for on its appearance
I received a complaint from Visconti, respecting the conduct visconti's of our co-operators, in arrogating the whole work to themselves; and adding that he would forthwith construct and
publish a more correct chart of the Adriatic, with a strong
reclamation. But this should, as well as the preceding
citations, be recorded in his own words:

Queste nozioni mi sarebbero utilissime, poiche mi sono proposto, appena
sara in Milano publicato il rimanente di dare io una carta pin semplice, piu
adattata all' uso de' Marini, piu economica, e soprattutto piu esafcta, mentre ho
veduto che nella suddetta l ma parte fatta a Milano vi sono degli errori sulle latitudini e longitudini d'Otranto, Fano, S. Ma di Leuca, Sasseno, Linguetta,
Corfu, etcetera, e sulla distanza d'Otranto a Capo Linguetta. E siccome la detta carta a Milano e stata publicata come fatta tutta dagli uffiziali dello Stato Maggiore Austriaco, senza far memoria ne di voi, che trovavasi inciso
ne' fogli terminati al 1814 ; cosl mi propongo ancora di rivendicare la pro- priety di ognuno, facendo conoscere al pubblico a chi si deve il rilievo d'una
costa, o d' un porto, a chi lo scandaglio, a chi la latitudine o la longitudine
osservata ecca e 1' epoca del lavoro d' ognuno, e si vedra che agli uffiziali dello Stato Maggiore Austriaco non si devono che poche redute, e qualche
altra piccola COSa. R B 2
372 RETURN TO THE MEDITERRANEAN.
To resume the narrative. Early in July, 1821, I againh.m. ship left England, in the Adventure sloop-of-war, with instrucAdventure. . tions conformable to the agreement already made in Pans.These orders principally directed me to re-examine thedoubtful parts of my selected portion of the MediterraneanSea, and to make a running coast-survey of the deficient parts
of the detail ; all to be completed, if possible, within three
years. Thus instructed, and furnished with more efficient means than before—though still in want of a tender—I
laboured to act up to the spirit of the Admiralty instructions, in the manner which will be presently noticed. Having accomplished the points and coast-line required, thesame was duly announced to the Board, and we prepared to return home in the autumn of 1824. But their lordships
having strengthened my force in the spring of that year, byThe Kimble the addition of a fine 10-gun cutter, the Nimble, I tookupon myself to leave her under the command of LieutenantSlater, who had won his commission by zeal and attention
to the work in hand, to execute several secondary thoughimportant details during the time that my charts and planswould be under completion. For this purpose I furnished
Orders to the necessary instructions to that officer, directing him to examine the mouth of the Magra river, between Genoa andTuscany; to add more soundings to specified portions ofthose coasts ; to sound round the shoal of Capo Vita, on thenorth-east of Elba; to re-examine our coast line of Algiers;
and especially to search round the rock off Cape Matafuz,and between it and the Cape, for a second danger reportedto me by a Sardinian.
Keturn to These arrangements having been made, I returned to England, and paid off the Adventure in November, 1824-The Board of Admiralty was now furnished with a series of
latitudes and longitudes fixed by Captains Gauttier, Beaufort, and myself, from the Straits of Gibraltar to the Sea ofAzof; and by the accomplishment of this mission, hydro-
HYDROGRAPHICAL OPINIONS. 373
graphy was presented, for the first time, with the tine
figure of the Mediterranean Sea. My documents being
both numerous and various, necessarily demanded much
time to prepare them for publication : to meet, therefore, work by
the immediate wants of navigation, a large general chart
of the whole was drawn up under my inspection by Captain
Graves—then a midshipman—and issued for public use in 1825. It was with this purpose in view that I tolerated a
plate forty-seven inches by twenty-eight inches, to fit the
large sheets of paper called antiquarian ; but for the others adopted half the double-elephant sheet, as economical,
easy to work, handy to use singly, and measurable without
crease if bound in an atlas. Practical utility being My views of my object, and as but one chart or plan is used at a
time, I studied the nature and importance of a coast or port for cruising upon, and afterwards arranged the scale of each according to the portion contained on the half-sheet. In order to methodize in other respects, the north was
always placed vertically upwards, as a meridian line, and
especial care was taken not to crowd the details, leaving all the dangers, and objects to be avoided, as obvious as possible
to those who have to consult charts in fresh weather, and
with indifferent light.* Under such treatment the subject
of scales—so interesting to chamber theory—became a very
secondary concern; for no navigator pricking off his slip's And con- place, with a chart before him and compasses in hand, ever method. cared a straw about what scale the next sheet might be pro-
* On this account, I cannot but look upon the method introduced by
Beautenis Beaupre*, of contour-lines round a port, with dots for depths, as more adapted for the engineer than the seaman. To preserve perspicuity,
I inserted no more soundings on the charts than were deemed necessary to a proper comprehension of the included space, and unnecessary rhumb-lines were omitted; the coasts being understood to be entirely clear of danger,
unless otherv. Under this system, the lead is trustworthy; and on most coasts it will be found that inshore the bottom is generally
sand, and in the offing, blue clay.
374 LINE OF ACTION.
tracted upon. Each was therefore severally treated as anindividual case, rendered amenable by its size to its contents. Those who desire to form a correct idea of the relative proportions of different countries, can always refer to thegeneral chart. In library atlases, the number of arbitrary
scales might be reduced with advantage ; but the study andthe ship require very different treatment.
Nature of The materials for filling these sheets must now be menthe mate- , . . . , rials. tioned, since, in pronouncing an opinion upon any work,the intention of its projector ought not to be overlooked.
I therefore repeat, that my whole wish was to secure as much information as possible in a given time ; owing to theconstant apprehension of being broken off. Consequently,My views, in executing this arduous duty, my aim was rather to obtainsubstantial good, than minute or absolute accuracy; for which latter another kind of establishment would havebeen demanded. The chief quality, therefore, to which I lay claim, in the conduct of the survey, is unwearied dili- gence ; and by resorting to the practical rather than to thetheoretical application of mathematics, and exerting mystock of professional knowledge in a given and decideddirection, I was able to enter into competition with someAssistance of my superiors in acquirements. When the Aid first cameout to the Mediterranean, there was not an officer or otherperson on board who had any practical acquaintance withmaritime surveying : but there was no lack of zeal and in- clination, and when I first instructed and afterwards personally directed them, they all became useful, and some ofthem extremely so. Even the mere youngsters were handyin the boats; and they who are vulgarly termed idlers employed themselves in making statistical and other inquiries
for me. It is, therefore, with great pleasure that the namesof those who served with me in the Aid and Adventure arehere given; merely remarking that my chief obligations wereto Messrs. Slater, Graves, and Elson. The following lists
received.
OFFICERS OF THE 'AID' AND ' ADVENTURE/ 375
contain the officers' names, &c., nearly in the order in which
they joined :

Gun-Room Officeks.
In 1853. Lieut. John Hose Dead. „ C. R. Maiden ....... Reserved H. P.
,, Josiah Oake Captain.
,, F. W~. Beechey Captain. „ Hen. E. Coffin, volunteer . . Captain.
Master, Thomas Atwell Dead.
,, Thomas Elson Dead*
Surgeon, James M. Madden .... Retired.
,, Abraham Courtney . . . Retired.
,, John Stephenson .... Drowned.
Purser, Robert Young ...... Dead.
Assist. -Surgeon, "William Clarke . . Died a Surgeon.
,, „ John Campbell . Surgeon. „ ,, William Beg . . . Dead. Thaddeus Porter . . Dead.
Names and
particulars.
Mates and Midshipmen.
J. F. Dessiou. . M. A. Slater . . Ed. Holland . . Wm. Skyring . Ed. Tyndale . . James Cooling . Thomas Graves. Nelson Elliot . . James Wolfe . .
In 1853. Drowned. Died Commander. Commander.
Killed, Commander. Died a Lieut. Died a Lieut. Captain. Died a Master. Dieda Commander.
In 1853. Henry Bush . . Dead. Thomas Dutton . Dead. Wm. Robinson . Dead. W. Sidney Smith Captain. Robert Sholl . . Dead. Henry Raper . . Lieut. Mayne Lyons. . Killed, Lieut. Alfred Miles . . Commander, dead James B. West. Commander.^ These gentlemen, as already said, were all and severally Remarks desirous of rendering their exertions effective; and I en- deavoured to appoint each to the kind and degree of work
for which he appeared best qualified. Upon those who
* I took Mr. Elson out of the Weymouth store-ship, on observing his activity in embarking the marbles at Leptis Magna; and he afterwards
served with me seven years as Master. He died in 1848, Master-Attendant
of Woolwich yard, having written me a cheerful letter in the morning of the day on which he expired. t Officers were occasionally sent from the flag-ship, as the present Lord
Adolphus Fitzclarence, Captain Charles Howe Fremantle, his brother Henry —who died on board—Mr. J. J. Smith (retired), and two or three others ; but
as they merely joined for their own instruction, they are not entered upon
the above list.
376 COMMUNICATIONS WITH LORD MELVILLE.
more immediately bore a share in the survey, I inculcated
the necessity of appropriating their labour to its intended
purpose ; and in order to conduce to the consistent economyof time and means which the tenour of mymission demanded,distinctly described the proper degree of accuracy expected
at their hands. I also pointed out the readiest method of attaining the desired end in the respective data with whichthey were to furnish me; while an uniformity in the
method and manner of drawing and reducing was established. And here a few more words may be necessary to elucidate our proceedings, even at the risk of repetition in some details. On returning to the Mediterranean in 1821, I hadviscount arranged with Lord Melville to carry out a present from
Melville. . ...
our government to the Basha of Tripoli, in acknowledgment of the assistance he had formerly afforded me; andto obtain permission from him for the completion of our
survey of the Greater Syrtis. To effect this fully, I showedhis lordship the benefit there would be, if, while the ship
should be employed on the hydrographic details, a land
party were simultaneously to proceed along the shores, the
whole site being replete with objects of antiquarian andgeographical interest. For this purpose there was a volunteer
well versed in the Arabic language and customs in myCapt. Lyon, former messmate, the late Captain G. F. Lyon, who hadrecently returned from Murzuk {see my letter to LordMelville, in the Appendix) ; and so fair did the opportunity of exploring the Cyrenaica seem, that the celebrated
Sig. Belzoni, then lately returned from Egypt, offered to accompany me. From a change of circumstances, however,
Lyon went with Captain Parry on the Arctic expedition,
Messrs. and Lieutenant Beechey, who had been on Parry's memo-"Rppfilipy rable first Polar voyage, was appointed to the Adventure,
to supply Lyon's place; and instead of Belzoni, we embarked Mr. Henry Beechey, the Lieutenant's brother, an
old acquaintance of my own, well known as an Egyptian
THE SYRTIS MISSION. 377
traveller. To these gentlemen I added Mr. Edward Tyndale, Lieutenant
BggcIicy's a midshipman, who had travelled with me in Africa ; Mr. force. Campbell, assistant-surgeon; and a volunteer, Lieutenant
Henry Edward Coffin, whose uncle, Admiral Sir Isaac
Coffin, was going out in the ship as my guest. I had myself already examined and fixed the coast of this unfre- quented gulf as far as below Isa on the west side, and from
Kharkarah to the northwards on the east side. The land- party had therefore to proceed round the bottom of the
Syrtis, and from thence to the examination of the ruins in the Pentapolis, and the whole country round Cyrene.
This section of the survey, comprehending the exposed His work, space between Isa and Kharkarah, is the only portion which
I did not personally see : and am therefore bound to state
that, on a complete knowledge of the means and method
employed to carry out my instructions, I was fully satis- fied with the Lieutenant's results. Considering it unsafe
to carry the ship farther into a gulf of which we knew
nothing, Mr. Elson was despatched in the ship's launch,
expressly fitted for the occasion, to make a surveying
cruize of the intervening shores. Lieutenant Beechey's
charge, indeed, comprehended the topography of the space
between Tripoli and Dema, the mensuration of which was
to be adjusted to some of my determinations, as detailed in
his interesting volume. But I sorely regretted that un- My regret toward circumstances utterly prevented the party which being in- he led, from proceeding through Dema to Alexandria ; as that region, then all but unknown, would have been
accurately examined before political changes had increased
the obstacles to a full investigation.
After quitting the coast of Africa, I returned to com- Return to plete my charts of the Italian islands in the western basin of the Mediterranean, including Corsica, Sardinia, and the
channels near Elba ; the whole being connected by triangles
with the Tuscan and Roman shores. On the 12th of November, 1823, while thus employed, the Lloiret, a French brig
378 INTERVIEW WITH CAPTAIN ALLEGRE.
m. Aiiegre. of war, commanded by Mons. Allegre, sought refuge from aneasterly gale in Port San Pietro, Sardinia, where the Adventure was then riding. As this gentleman was formerly oneof Gauttier s officers, and therefore acquainted with me, herelated that he had since served three years with CaptainFrench Hell on a detailed survey of the Island of Corsica. Havingcorsica° kindly brought his documents on board, and made a comparison with our operations and results, we found a generalagreement in the points and such portions of the coastas were completed by both : but, moreover, the details ofCorsica were so elaborately laid down by the French officers, and bore such internal evidence of extreme accuracy, that, as I told Captain Allegre, there was not the slightest occasion for my returning thither, to survey between thepoints which I had already established there. Such being the outline of my re-examination, it may still be necessary to dwell a moment upon the system we pursued,before giving a table of the geographical positions whichform the framework of the general chart.
The course In the course of our operations, we determined the latifoiiowed.
j. U(jeg an(j longitudes of a certain number of principal placesin our best manner, and then used them as consecutivepoints on a series of bases ; using triangulation by thetheodolite between them where obtainable, and filling upothers by the most eligible means afforded by the ship andboats. Every port was thus considered a station ; andwhere the hostility of the natives, or the quarantine regulations, were inimical to landing, islets or rocks off such coasts were always resorted to. With the exception of those justmentioned at the bottom of the greater Syrtis, the whole ofthe latitudes and longitudes were entirely under my ownChronome- computation ; the keeping of the chronometer-rates, only,
ter rates. navnig "been latterly consigned to the care of Messrs. Slater
Surveys. and Graves. The principal harbours were surveyed bymyself, with occasional assistance, and the more open baysby the other officers ; while some of the minor places were
RECLAMATION OF THE ' WATER TELESCOPE.' 379
sketched in from measures obtained by means of painted
lengths on poles, and the application of Rochons micro- Eochon's meter thereto. We examined the most remarkable banks, meter, with unsparing diligence.
In early days I had seen a cylindrical cartridge-box, with a water- its bottom cut out and the orifice glazed, used for examining tube02 the state of a ship's bottom by immersion, as a cure for the
reflection and refraction of the rays of light at the surface of the water which impede distinct vision : and in order to
facilitate subaqueous inspections, I had a tube constructed
in the shape of an overgrown speaking-trumpet, well glazed,
and steadied in the water by a large grommet of lead. Upwards of twenty years after this had been publicly used, a similar instrument was advertised as a new American
invention, under the style and title of the ' "Water Telescope/
The lines of coast between the ports were mostly sketched on a patent-log basis by Mr. Elson, the master, whose use of the
i i
. • n iii patent-log. activity and seamanship were in constant demand ; and the
skill with which he managed our schooner-rigged launch,
and accommodated her to circumstances, partly compensated
our being without a tender. These running surveys, constituting properly a maritime reconnoissance, were laid down on a very large scale, and afterwards reduced and
subjected to the points previously established.* As the chronometric bases on which these longitudes chronome- depend, and by which they are connected with the Palermo
Observatory, are of first-rate import, a brief sketch of our working routine may be acceptable in a general sense, how-
* In my instructions to the officers, the amount of labour was apportioned according to the local circumstances; for before geology had attained
its present rank, I had observed that the depths of the sea follow the nature
of the shores—the slopes of the one varying with the nature of the other. Thus, high and rocky cliffs have deep water, and are pierced with harbours;
while low coasts are generally shallow, and destitute of ports. It may
therefore, from this and other peculiarities, be held, that a low shore is a growing one, and a high shore is a wasting one. Wherever the Zostcra manna, or riband-like grass-wrack, is found, shoals may be expected, for
it detains silt, mud, and sand, till a bank is gradually formed.
380 BREGUET'S ' COMPTEUR/
ever trite such details may be to the practised nautical as- tronomer. On this second trip we followed precisely thesame plan and method as was before stated, but with the
increased power and confidence which experience gives.
Additional To the instruments already mentioned, the Admiralty hadments. added four more chronometers—namely, No. 12 of Pennington, and Nos. 320, 547, and 553, of Arnold ; another7-inch theodolite ; and a very beautiful 15-inch altitude- and-azimuth circle, with good levels, and a capital telescope.
And I should mention that, when in Paris, Mons. Aragotook me to the house of M. Breguet the elder, to show meTransit- a newly -• contrived transit -telescope, fitted with a chronotelescope. meter No. 2741 to the eye end, which he qualified as a' Compteur des secondes, des dixiemes de seconde, et descentiemes par approximation:' this instrument, on exa- mination, appeared to possess such advantages as a portable
transit, that I purchased it for myself, and the Lords of ourTreasury granted it a free passage through the Customhouse. Breguet on this occasion presented me with one ofhis exquisitely-sensible metallic thermometers.
In pursuing our progress, I made as short passages as were consistent between the principal ports, in order theciironome- better to obtain their chronometric differences of meridian
;
trie r&t^s the ' sights' for watching the truth and permanence of therates being taken regularly on arrival, by the method ofequal altitudes, and corrected for the true refraction in theexisting state of the atmosphere. The harbour-rates as- sumed—determined by the observed daily rates in the port before sailing—were always estimated for the time elapsedbetween the run from one place to another; and thoughthe march was watched by daily observation whenever theweather permitted, the results of the extreme series, only, were employed in determining the longitude of departureHarbour and arrival. The harbour sights were always taken onSlg s
* shore, in a quicksilver artificial horizon, with reflecting
instruments well adjusted, and the index-error ascertained
COURSE PURSUED. 381
at the time of taking them ; and they were invariably the Mode of
ol3scrvin°r
. mean of three altitudes of the upper, and three of the
lower limb of the sun ; while the corresponding times were
carefully registered from myjob-watch (Earnshaw's pocketchronometer, No. 825), which was forthwith carried off and
compared with the stationary time-keepers on board. The
9-inch quintant was the favourite instrument for this purpose; but, when the celestial altitude was very great,
Troughton's reflecting circle was substituted. And occasionally when, owing to clouds or other causes, altitudes could only be procured on one side of the meridian, more
than usual care was bestowed on determining the exact
corrections necessary for instrumental and object errors, refraction, &c. The standard chronometers were placed on hair cushions standard 11-1111 r chrono- wedged with cork, where the temperature, as far as we meters. could contrive, was so uniform and constant as to be no task on the compensation; for the cabin never had a fire in it while I commanded, and was little liable to sudden transitions, causes which might otherwise disturb chronometric
action. Their several rates were therefore easily scrutinized

and the discrepancy of each individual time-piece was
valued by its allotted weight, in the summation of the
products.
Many of the principal latitudes were taken on shore observed with the 9-inch quintant and artificial horizon, and with
latltudes' the reflecting circle and sextants ; but some of the first class were obtained with the fine 15 -inch altitude -and

azimuth circle, by a mean of sets with the face of the
instrument alternately turned to the east and the west. Thus we hoped to clear our results from probable errors of
division and ex-centricity ; and it was always steadily
mounted on a cask filled with sand, and most carefully
adjusted, so as to serve as well for time as for altitudes. Here both sun and stars were employed for latitude, and were
always observed at the instant of meridian passage, except
382 COURSE PURSUED.
The dipsector.
in a few cases when that could not be exactly attained,
and then the horary angle, either east or west, was duly
observed, and the reduction to the meridian computed.The moon. The moon was not used for this object, on account of the
liabilities of irradiation, diameter, and tabular errors. Thesea-horizon was never resorted to in these processes, except
in a few rare instances where, from moral or physical impediment, landing to secure a latitude was impracticable; andthen the object was carefully brought on the true east or west line from us, in order to do away with the arbitrary
reduction which is consequent upon a general compassbearing. Captain Gauttier had lent me a dip-sector—thena new introduction—made by Lenoir, after one of Wollaston's, to obviate some of the objections to the natural
horizon; but I found it so troublesome to use, and showingsuch discordance between the results and theory, that I soon abandoned it. This would not have been satisfactory to the inventor: if the principle be true, it ought to be arequisite instrument, no matter how difficult to use, becausethe horizon may be out by almost any quantity, so that
results may be egregiously bad in spite of the goodness ofsextant, and skill of observer. But the dip-sector appearsto be dependent on the principle of opposite points of thehorizon being equally affected by any abnormal state of therefraction; whereas, though this may be the case in ordi- nary states of the atmosphere, it is not likely to be so in theextraordinary cases, where its correction would be most in demand, and where the effect would probably be confined to a very limited azimuthal range. Lunar distances, eclipses, and sidereal occultations wereat first diligently observed, and recorded among the deter- minations: but finding some of these in fair accordancewith the chronometric measurements, and others, equally
well taken, widely differing; and also seeing that besides theknown deficiencies of the tables, they were influenced bythe existing state of the atmosphere, the tone of the eye,
Nature of
observation.
COURSE PURSUED. 383
and the power of the instrument, and consequently must be
inadequate for precision,* I discontinued these nice and
most delicate observations, save for practice ; thus abandoning the method of getting absolute longitudes by astronomy, Relative for that of differences by time. The great accuracy and
extreme simplicity of mensuration by chronometers, left nothing to be desired on this head, especially where the
lengths of the runs were so arranged, that a comparatively
speedy return to the starting point, allowed an estimate of the probable error of a determination.
The geodetical angles were generally taken and reduced Geodesy. by myself, except in the northern portion of the Adriatic
Sea, where I was largely assisted in this arduous duty by
Captain Soldan, of the Neapolitan staff, and Lieutenant Capt. Soi- C. K Maiden. In particular places a base was generally Lt. Maiden. measured on a selected spot of ground, with a tested Gunter's chain ; and the line was lengthened at pleasure, by means of boarding-pikes stuck in the ground at a chain's distance from each other. The angles at each end were
then taken with a truly-adjusted theodolite, an instrument value of which—as it gives the horizontal arc intercepted between doiite. the verticals of the two stations without reduction—unites
celerity with precision. But where the sides were long, and
the large circle was used, the difference that exists between
the three angles of a theoretical plane triangle, and the
three observed by reason of the sensibly spherical form of the earth, became appreciable, even when such sides were
not more than a dozen miles in length. The excess thus
occasioned may be corrected by treating the angles of the
chords, and the chords themselves, as the angles and sides
* I should, however, remind the reader that the above is stated without any intention of undervaluing that beautiful method. The quantity of motion to be measured in lunars is only ^th of that which is employed in getting the time by chronometers (it being the diminutive amount of the proper motion of the moon as opposed to the great amount of its diurnal
progress) ; this is the circumstance that makes any error in the observation
tell so largely on its result, and renders the conclusions so rough.
384 MAGNETIC DEVIATIONS.
of a plane triangle ; but the theorem of Legendre moreSpherical simply shows, that if one third of the spherical excess be' deducted from each angle, the opposite sides become pro- portioned to the sines of the corrected angles, and their magnitude may, therefore, be calculated by the rules ofplane trigonometry.
In re magnetism. When I commenced surveying, thevariation instruments for getting the variation of the compass werecompass, very inferior to those now in use ; and the method of swinging a ship to ascertain the effects of its mass onthe needle in different azimuths had not yet obtained—amethod which has rendered the determinations in a ship
so trustworthy for absolute magnetic quantities, in theCaptain variation at sea. The essay of Captain Flinders, however,Flinders. _.„ . . . . concerning the differences m the magnetic needle arising
from an alteration in the direction of the ship's head,
printed in the Philosophical Transactions for 1805, andhis experiments a few years afterwards, had revealed to methe tendencies and power of local attraction ; which hadCook, &c. only been puzzles to Dampier, Cook, and Lowenhoru, andremained uninvestigated by Downie. Therefore, in deter- mining the corrections, and watching the affections of the
compass, but little was ultimately used which was performedon board ; although, in pursuing the usual methods for seapractice, every precaution was taken to guard against acci- dental derangements and alterations. The variation of the
needle was very readily established wherever we formed ameridian line for observatory purposes on shore ; and in the
Methods secondary requirements we resorted to a large and well- graduated universal solar-dial, furnished with spirit-levels,
and carefully adjusted to the sun's altitude at culmination.
But whenever necessity compelled us to resort to amplitudes,
they were taken at the instant when the altitude of the
inferior limb of the sun above the visible horizon was equal
to the difference of the semi-diameter and of the horizontal
refraction increased by the dip—in other words, when the
adopted.
THE MARINER'S COMPASS. 385
centre of the sun was in the true horizon—a process less troubled with unequal refractions in the Mediterranean
than in our latitudes, and therefore susceptible of consider- able accuracy. Azimuths at sea, when the sun was not Azimuths, obtainable at rising or setting, were determined from the
observed difference and compass bearing of altitude in a measured interval of time; though sometimes they were
taken by the sun's angular distance from a terrestrial object.
These, however, were for practice rather than use, since, as has been already said, we depended chiefly on shore work,
whereby the non-verticality of the sight-vanes, and the
effect of local attractions on the oscillations and vibratory
movements of the needle, were more easily remedied. The
inclinatiou, and estimated magnetic intensity, were carefully Magnetic
observed with a well-made dipping-needle at our principal
stations; on which occasions we usually shifted the poles of the magnet, and took readings with the face of the instru- ment alternately to the east and to the west, in the plane
of the magnetic meridian.
The mariner's compass is too important an instrument
in all the purposes of navigation, not to merit distinct mention ; and what has been here advanced as to the great
improvements since my survey, will receive illustration from a passage which I wrote in 1848, on receiving a book from the late Captain E. J. Johnson, Superintendent Captain
L x Johnson of the Navy Compasses :

In order to carry out his (Johnsons) representations, a memorandum for Admiralty
the proper treatment of compasses on ship-board has been issued by the Ad- mem.
miralty. In this document it is directed to remove all iron to the distance
of seven feet from the binnacle, as of old ; that mixed metal or copper be
used in place thereof, for bolts, keys, and dowels ; and that iron tillers are not to range within seven feet of the compasses. The binnacles are to be at
least four feet and a half apart, and they are no longer to be fitted with doors, so as to render them dirt-lockers, or depositories of improper materials. But
a most important improvement is this : that in every ship a closet is to be
constructed for the reception and keeping of the compasses, under the express charge of the Master, who is to see that the cards are never packed with
poles of the same name nearest to each other—that is, that the north end of one needle shall be placed next the south end of its neighbour. This is assuredly a real reform in the steering deparfcmei which - omPass
J ' reform. C C
386 THE MARINER'S COMPASS.
must awaken recollections of a grave tenor in those who are able to look back to the day when the compasses were turned-in higgledy-piggledy with
the hooks, thimbles, marline-spikes, and iron implements of all sorts in the
boatswain's store-room. The case is wonderfully altered ; instead of the ship- chandlers' contract concerns-—with inefficient suspension, indifferent needles, bad pivots and caps, and contemptible gimbals—the Service is now provided The new with machines of a first-rate description and trusty character. The needles
compasses. are macle of the best clock-spring steel, and perform their oscillations in truly-balanced copper bowls ; the pivots supporting the card are pointed with a material harder than steel to work into the ruby cap : and, instead
of leaving it to its fate, as of old, it is directed that the card should be raised whenever the compass is to be moved, or the guns fired. Some of the straw- pickers have branded the present standard compasses as costly, seeing their price consists of as many sovereigns as those they displaced did of shillings
:
Absurd ob- but what is this difference when we weigh a trustworthy instrument against one which is all but worthless ! What is the sum of twenty-five or thirty sovereigns for the most important machine in a ship, and one to which the
beautiful chronometer is only secondary ! The same critics, to be sure, are ready to remind us that the ocean has been passed in safety before Captain Johnson was born; even so—but how far the expenses of bad reckoning have been earned, or the absolute ruin of numerous fine ships may have
been owing to a similar cause, is buried in a dense fog of oblivion. In a
similar train of thought our author observes, ' While the tides and currents of the ocean—imperfect logs—inaccurate charts—unsteady steerage—in- attention to the lead—stress of weather—defective ships—defective equip- ment, or defective management, may be the cause of loss, it would be
fallacious to assume that the greater number of wrecks are caused by errors of the compass ; but that many have occurred in consequence of these, there can be no doubt whatever. ' Be it also remembered that the annual average number of British shipwrecks is stated to be about 547, or, as we formerly
observed, a ship and a half a day.
jection.
Reply.
Coast sur- veys. Surveys of extreme accuracy are, of course, invaluable,
and can only be obtained by much time, uninterruptedlabour, and heavy expense ; but for a reconnaissance of some thousands of miles, with every probability of inter- ruption, immediate utility alone could be aimed at. Afterfixing the co-ordinates of latitude, longitude, and height,
my whole effort was speedily to compile and correct a chart which should meet every want of the navigator. The boat- runs between the ports to which I have alluded, consisted,
Patent log. therefore, merely in sailing along on a patent-log base, or any other feasible scale; and the delineations thus madewere afterwards reduced to my points and positions for adjustment. The whole being laid down for a certain end,
the rough drawing was then reduced to the dimensions
s compass.
CAUTION AS TO DANGERS. 387
which I considered adapted to the nature and extent of the
examination, and the maritime importance of the place.
The boat-bearings were generally taken with Kater's hand Kater- azimuth - compass ; but in cases of moment, magnetic
rhumbs were seldom resorted to when astronomical ones
could be obtained ; and all the shelves, shoals, and leading Shoals soundings, were fixed by sextant angles to assumed stations on shore. Among other desiderata, I determined to sound all Soundings that part of the sea, which was thus under my charge,
to very unusual depths, to confirm the existence or nonexistence of reported banks and dangers. This is a point
upon which very particular attention was bestowed, since,
although convinced that many shoals are reported which On rocks do not exist, yet I am also satisfied, that because an shoals. alleged rock or shelf is no longer to be found, it cannot be
thence positively concluded that it never existed. Some
such might have been thrown up by submarine volcanoes,
and afterwards submerged, as, among recent and well- known instances, the Sabrina and Graham Islands; and
many a vigia may have originated where mistakes of vision or mere imagination misled the judgment: drifting trees were taken for wrecks, while fish-scules, spawn-patches,
meeting of currents, and local discolorations, passed for imminent perils. Thus, although some dangers have been
noted without sufficient grounds, there can be no reasonable
doubt that others are in like manner questioned without
sufficient reason. Still, nothing in hydrography demands
more circumspection than the act of erasing doubtful dangers from a chart ; and as precaution is an acknowledged
source of security, mariners should ' open their eyes' when
they approach the sites of those previously reported. The
class of would-be savans who absurdly hold that rocks grow Paradox under water, are easily furnished with a cause when an un- expected danger is announced; but their opinion is not the
CC 2
388 CAUTION AS TO DANGERS.
less absurd because it was once pretty widely entertained,*Kock geo- and still lingers. Nor can I quite quadrate with the moremodern doctrine of the disintegration and dispersion of suchrocks ; for when beneath the surface of the sea, rocks can-not be subject to such decomposing conditions as are pro-duced by the active influence of the atmosphere. Oxygen,in the necessary quantity for the production of sufficientoxidation to weaken rocks at great depths, would hardly beafforded by the air contained in waters ; and I have alreadyshown the length of time during which many of the Mediterranean shoals have been recorded by navigators.
Remark. Holding it, therefore, on these grounds, to be highlyimproper to expunge dangers from the charts, howeversceptical we may be as to the original authority that placedthem there, it has always been my opinion that, thoughtroublesome, every reported rock ought to be strictlysearched for; and the pains I took in quest of supposeddangers—such as the Thisbe shoal, the Fox rock, TEntreprenante reef, shoals north of Minorca, &c.—can only beknown to those who sailed with me. Besides this, mygeneral practice was to catch a very deep cast of the leadon every favourable occasion, for the chance of picking upabank : so that, what with soundings, experiments for temperature, and drawing up water from great depths, calmweather was not an idle time upon our decks. On theassumption that no danger could be without a bank, mytrials in the vicinity of vigice were made with from 150 to600, and even 800 fathoms of line ; and though doubts mayremain relative to several reported dangers, still as it cannotbe presumed that they do not exist, I have marked theirreputed places with a note of interrogation. Indeed, whenso many visible effects of the expansive and explosive gases* Here, of course, I do not include the case of corallines ; nor the gradualaccretion of sedimentary strata assisted by pressure from the superincumbentwater, and natural calcareous and ferruginous cements.
CAUTION AS TO DANGERS. 389
of submarine volcanoes are noted, it is quite clear that shoals may be up-heaved and again submerged, as in the instances already described. Until my mission, all the charts in use exhibited a long
bank between Cape Creux and Toulon, with from 40 to 70
fathoms of water upon it. It was called the Koches Molles

and it was very material that no ship should get far into the
Gulf of Lyons in the night, or in thick weather, lest then
gaining soundings she might imagine herself on the Roches
Molles with plenty of sea-room. I therefore determined
to examine this bank very particularly, but could not find
it, although the whole vicinity was searched under casts of from 500 to 800 fathoms without striking bottom. This,
coupled with a want of corroboration of its existence among
the seafarers of Provence and Languedoc, induced me to drop it from my survey. There was another bank equally
notorious, and with shallower water marked, shown for a
century on paper, between Minorca and Asinara, under the name of Caccia. In the Admiralty chart supplied to our
fleet, it bore 13 fathoms water; but in Mount and Page's
edition of the General Quarter Waggoner, 1717, it shows
the alarming notice—" sometimes 2 fathoms/' Now had
this shoal existed, we might have had a disagreeable ac- quaintance with it in the Rodney, 74, during a gale of wind
to which she was exposed in January, 1812; but neither
then, nor afterwards, could we substantiate the fact. In
addition to my own exertions, finding that the Sardinian
coral-fishers were unacquainted with such a spot, I made no
scruple of omitting it also, thereby clearing a bugbear from an important navigation.
Although I thus expunged some supposed banks from
the charts, in two cases only was my usual caution departed
from, where actual dangers were marked on presumed
authority. The first was between Capri and Cape Cam- supposed
panella, on the south entrance of the Bay of Naples: here Sjjjjged. a shoal was marked nearly in mid-channel, on Zannoni's
390 CAUTION AS TO DANGERS.
and other charts, and it had caused many ships to be carriedround the western side of Capri, in preference to theshorter route. This shoal we could not find, nor even hearof among the fishermen : and having mentioned the matterto my friend Yisconti, he employed some gun-boats, andswept the whole ground so completely, that we were quitesatisfied there could be no danger there. The secondThisbe instance was in rejecting the rock at the entrance of theStrait of Gibraltar, on which it had been asserted thatH.M.S. Thisbe struck, at about 3k 30m. A.M. on the 12thI of August, 1804. For this I searched in vain; and onafterwards becoming acquainted with Mr. Corner, who wasfirst lieutenant of that ship at the time, he assured me hedid not know how any bearings could have been taken, asit was quite dark even after she had forged off. Thereforeno doubt could be entertained of her having run upon thesir George Cabezos. But in 1825, Sir George Cockburn put a memo-' randum in my hand, reporting that a merchantman wasnearly lost upon the Thisbe ; on which I remarked thatsome men thought it safer to state that to their owners,than to acknowledge the vessel had got upon well-placedand well-known rocks; and gave both him and Sir EdwardParry, the then hydrographer, my reasons for disbelievingthe story. As the declaration, however, came with Lloyd'sofficial strength, H.M.S. Mastiff, Commander Copeland, wasordered to the spot, and several weeks of expensive labourwere wasted in confirming my impression.*
* In a similar manner, in the summer of 1849, a vessel reported that she had struck upon the Entreprenante rock, ninety miles east of Malta ; where- upon H.M. steamers Rosamond, Oberon, and Spitfire, were sent to the groundwhich I had so often passed over. The mate of the vessel owned afterwards
that the whole was a falsehood, advanced to cover their having struck upona point of Malta. Since then another search has been instituted. Betweenthe 17th and 23rd of April of this year (1853), H.M. ships Retribution, Modeste, Niger, and Spitfire, soimded for twenty miles around the site, withfrom 500 to 2570 fathoms of line out, and no bottom. A costly matter this, merely to remove a mare's-nest!
MODE OF SOUNDING. 391
From the efforts we made, together with my constantly Opinion, gaining all the local knowledge of the pilots and fishermen
of the various ports I anchored in, it is very improbable
that there is an unknown hidden danger within the limits of my chart Still, to render navigation secure, to the chart thus furnished, should be added the prudence and skill of the intelligent seaman. In conducting these examinations, the soundings between Sounding
machine. twenty and sixty fathoms were usually taken with Massey's
sounding-machine; but in greater depths we used solid
leads, there being an apprehension of a collapse of the
hollow cylinder forming the air-tube of the wings or vanes,
at depths exceeding 100 or 150 fathoms.* Even with this defect there were great advantages in the use of this admirable instrument, for in moderate soundings the true
vertical depth was easily ascertained, without the trouble of heaving-to; and we repeatedly reached the ground in upwards of forty fathoms while going six or seven knots,
only rounding-to for catching the angles of objects in view. But our men became practically expert ; while the machines
were always kept in complete order, and duly tested as to accuracy. We were also furnished with Birt's buoy-and- Birt*s buoy, nipper, but found it more ingenious in theory than satis- factory in practice. In very great depths we therefore
resorted to the older method, of which experience somewhat
lightened the labour, and helped to overcome the resistance and friction which the line had to encounter. The temperature of the sea at various depths Was sea tem- frequently taken, and registered with that of the atmosphere
at the time of observation. The instruments used were
Six's thermometers, which were compared before placing Method
practised.
* On informing Dean Buckland that one of these air-tubes was crushed
quite flat under a pressure of about 300 fathoms, he suggested that the
cylinder should be fortified by the introduction of transverse plates, acting on the principle of the chambered portion of the shells of Nautili and Ammonites. (See his Bridgewater Treatise, vol. u, j>j>. 845 and 349.)
392 HEIGHTS OF MOUNTAINS.
them in the cylindrical copper cases attached to a whiteline by which they were immersed, and the index-floats duly noted. By these experiments we established various
local peculiarities, which have been mentioned in the pre- ceding pages; but could advance nothing in favour of Colonel Williams' theory of ' Thermometrical Navigation/Both in our shore-surveys and in sailing along theHeights. coasts, we always noticed the heights of the mountains
;
but though our observations were corrected for refraction of
light and the curvature of the earth, they lay no claim to great precision, being taken merely for the direction of thenavigator, by thus affording him pretty fair means of knowing his distance from the shore. Some were settled fromthe offing by their angular heights, with a reflecting instru- ment and a patent-log base ; others on land by the barometer,the boiling-water point, their zenith distances, and some byobserving their depressions to the horizon : still the results were all entered only as available approximations. Andit should be mentioned that they are estimated above what is termed the ' level of the sea/ which, however, is not so uncertain in the Mediterranean as in those waters whichexperience the elevations and depressions of greater tidal power.
Meteoro- The meteorological phenomena were constantly notedand duly recorded with those instruments which we had at command—namely, the barometers, sympiesometer, thermometers, and hygrometer, which were subjected to as fewdisturbing influences as possible : in order to avoid inter- ference with our other various duties, the regular time ofobserving those instruments was fixed for 8 A.M., when thechronometers were wound up and compared ; and theobservations required for correcting the refraction, we tookwhen the astronomical operations which called for the cor- rection were in hand. These registers aided very materiallythe conclusions recorded in Part III. of this work, and I amsatisfied that the study of these matters is equally importantlogy.
BROAD CORRECTIONS. 393
to seamanship, agriculture, personal comfort, and medical
science. Such was the adopted routine, and though greater ex- Remark,
pertness might be found, it is hoped that it would have
proved difficult to exhibit more zeal and perseverance. In
so extensive a range of operations, and such a mass of trou- blesome arithmetical calculations, errors are unavoidable,
though none, it is trusted, have crept in which can materially
affect the accepted results ; for these a liberal allowance
will be made by those who have learned from experience
the complex difficulties of such an undertaking. Other sur- veyors, with more time, better means, and a longer practice of the art, will improve the details from time to time ; but
I believe the coasts are now so approximately thrown into
their proper form, that courses may be confidently shaped by
them, which, it will be recollected, was very far from being
the case when this survey was commenced. For instance,
in the most important channel which divides the Mediter- Former ranean Basins, the island of Pantellaria bore S.E. of Maretimo on the charts supplied by the Admiralty until 1820,
whereas it is actually S. by W. : and again, on entering the
Adriatic, and shaping a course by the isle of Fano, its very
portal, to Cape Linguetta, in Albania, that course would be
K 17° E. by the Admiralty chart, but it is really N. 5° W.

so that a ship trusting to the official documents at night,
and not exerting the restless vigilance which characterizes true seamanship, would run on shore under the Acroceraunian cliffs. An attempt was also made to delineate the general topo- Drawing of graphical features of the coasts and harbours, and it is hoped that the endeavour was not unattended with success : still it is not possible, under what may be termed rather a
revision than a survey, to meet the local knowledge of every
critical observer on the spot. Public works demand, it is true, strict examination, but hyper-criticism only warps the
judgment, and gives attention a wrong direction ; indeed, in
394 CONCLUDING EEMARKS.
Harsh
critics.
Liebig.
most cases it is just as unfair to catch up an accidental andunimportant omission, as was the supercilious conduct ofthat Greek who found fault with a map of Greece as in- correct and useless, because his father's house in Athens wasnot noted on it ! Such carpers must be reminded, in thewords of Liebig, that our duty really is, not to point at thesupposed blemishes of others, but to labour onwards in thecause of accuracy ourselves : ' It is startling/ says he, ' whenwe observe that all the time and energy of genius, talent,
and knowledge are expended in endeavours to demonstrateeach other's errors.'
Remark. My charts have long been in the hands of the service,
and have been used by the fleets of all nations ; they therefore are open to the most stringent criticism of professional men. The foregoing strictures should, however, be kept in view the while, in order that the nature of my intentions
may be understood ; and to this may be added, that, as far as concerns myself, I only regretted, on quitting the Mediterranean at the close of 1824, with the enlarged means andexperience we then possessed, that I could not begin the
whole of my work again. Regrets, however, at not havingattained a higher degree of perfection, are now unavailing
;
this part must, therefore, be closed with a catalogue of the
sheets of surveys which I handed in to the Admiralty, andwhich have, with a few exceptions, been long engraved andpublished in a form not very different from the following
enumeration of the manuscripts :

General
Chart. A chart of the western division of the Mediterranean Sea, on a scale of
31-I geographical miles to an inch, or about 230 q 600 to nature {see page
373). Under the title the following note, somewhat bearing upon the whole
survey, is appended : —'The basis of this chart is grounded on an entire new
series of determinations by Captain Smyth, from astronomical, chronometrical, and geodetical operations. The details of the coasts of France and
Spain, with their dependant islands, are in great part from the charts of
Tofino, Cassini, and Hell ; and other most authentic documents, examined and corrected on the spot. The west coast of Italy and its islands are new
CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY. 395
surveys, in the execution of which much assistance was rendered/ in the
vicinity of Naples, by Colonel Visconti. The Adriatic Sea is constructed from the united operations of the Austrian, Neapolitan, and English officers, employed under Colonels Campana and Visconti, and Captain Smyth. The
coast of Africa is laid down under such examinations as circumstances per- mitted, by Captain Smyth and his officers ; and the whole intervening sea has been examined and sounded with so much attention, as to leave little probability of any unmarked danger existing. The reported shoals marked
with a note of interrogation have not yet been found, though frequently sought for ; but are still under search by the tender which Captain Smyth
left in the Mediterranean for that purpose.'
Plan of the bay, harbour, and environs of Cadiz, with a view of the Alameda, on a scale of 56 q 00 , or fths of a mile to an inch. Spain.
The Strait of Gibraltar, on a scale of n^o <>o j or 1|" miles to the inch

with views of the land from the Cabezos shoal, to the west of Tarifa.
IV. The Rock of Gibraltar ( 12 fl 00 , or ^-th of a mile to an inch) ; with a view
of the new mole-head, Ape's Hill and Ceuta in the distance.
General chart of the coast of Spain, from Gibraltar to Alicant, and the
opposite shores of Barbary ( 010
1000 , or 12^ miles to one inch) ; with plans
of Malaga, Almeria, Port Genovds, San Pedro, Carbonera Bay, Port Aguilas,
Melillah, and Alboran; the general scale of the first six being 40 ^ 00 , or §rds of a mile to one inch.
VI. The harbour of Cartagena (^wfj or f
*n8 °f a mue *° an inch), with two
views; and the Columbretes Rocks (aao' oo * or about |-rd of a mile to one
inch), with two views of them.
VII. A sheet of Spanish ports—namely, Turilla Bay, Peniscola, Calpe, Altea
Bay, Isle Grosa, and Alicant ; the last on a scale of 40000 ? or §r(ls °f a mue
to an inch.
VIII. General chart of the coast of Spain, from Alicant to Palamos and the Baleares ( aar/ooo ? or about 12 miles to an inch) ; with plans of Barcelona, Tarragona, Grao of Valencia, Port Iviza ( y!< ooo )> Palma Bay ( ,^ ), and
Port Cabrera ( 12 \
.
,
-, ). IX. Plan of the harbour and environs of Port Mahon, in Minorca, on a scale of T 1 5 00 , or about ^th of a geographical mile to one inch ; with a view of Lazzaretto isle.
General chart of the south coast of France, and part of Catalonia, on a yI{ VN(1 . scale of in or about 9$ miles to an inch; with plans of Calliourc, Vendres, Cadaques, Tusa, Blanes, and Palamos.
396 CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY.
Fjrance . XI. The coast of France, from the mouth of the Ehone to Eiou isle, containing
the gulfs of Foz and Marseilles dnmnr* or ]i mile to the inch) ; with a view
of Planier lighthouse.
XII. The port and roads of Marseilles ( 15 ^ 00 , or ^th of a mile to an inch) ; and
the Cassidaigne Eock ( oo ^ 60 , or about fths of a mile to the inch), with views
of Cassis and the Bee de 1 Aigle.
XIII. The harbour and road of Toulon, with the adjacent coast, on a scale of
s-oooo ; or nearly one mile to an inch.
XIV. Chart of the coast of France, from the Peninsula of Giens to Cape Eoux,
or from Hieres Bay to the Gulf of Frejus ( lao
1000 , or If miles to an inch) ; with a view of the fort on Port Cross island.
Italy.
Chart of the coast of France and Italy, from Cape Eoux to Monaco (j-wwu^t or one mile to an inch) ; with a view of the Lerins isles from Cannes, and a
plan of Monaco (-^hnr)- XVI. The harbour of Villa Franca and its vicinity, on a scale of l3 ^ 50 , or ith
of a mile to one inch ; with views of the town and castle of Villa Franca and
the city of Nice. Chart of the coast of Italy, from Ventimiglia to Piombino, or the Gulf of
Gallinara ( a8 £ 6o ), Gorgona ( n 5oo) > and Finale (yu-brr).
XVIII. A sheet of plans, containing the road and vicinity of Vado, the Bay of
Noli, and Porto Maurizio, each on a scale of $4500 , or about £rd of a mile
to one inch. XIX. A sheet of plans, containing Genoa harbour (toutf); w^h a view of the
lighthouse ; with Porto Fino and Sestri a Levante, on a scale of ^ 4 5 06 , or ^rd
of a mile to the inch. xx. The Gulf of Spezia ( 28 ^ 06 ), and a plan of the road, town, and environs of Via Eeggio ( 84: % 00-, or 1|- mile to one inch). A sheet of plans, containing Capraja island ( 60 ^ 60) , the Mouth of the Arno (37000) * an(^ the town and road of Leghorn on a scale of a6 Q 00 , or about \ a mile to one inch. XXII. General chart of the west coast of Italy, from Piombino to Civita Vecchia, and the Tuscan Islands (rs7nnnr> or about 3f miles to the inch) ; with plans
of Pianosa isle ( S5 ooe )> Fort Campo ( 48 !oo) j Piombino ( 50 ooo )j Formicheof
-1—j), and Gianuti isle ( 50 ooo)-
CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY. 397
A sheet of plans, containing Giglio island, on a scale of or about Italy.
fths of a mile to the inch ; Palmajola Channel (^
( -2 ±1 oo ), Porto Ferrajo ( lg l 60 ), and Orbitello.
rv), Porto Longone
General chart of the west coast of Italy, from Civita Vecchia to the Gulf
of Naples ( 3(i5
1000 , or about 5-| miles to an inch) ; with plans of Terracina
Uiloo), Porto d'Anzo ( ia £ 60 ) , and Civita Vecchia (l3 ooo )- XXV. The Ponza Islands, on a scale of 85 ^ 0o , or 1^- geographical miles to the
inch; with views of Zannone and Capo di Guardia, and a plan of Port Madonna ( 10 % so ). XXVI. The Crater or Gulf of Naples, and its islands ( d d 1
-, or 1|- geographical
miles to one inch) ; with views of Ischia and Capri.
General chart of the west coast of Italy from Naples to Cape Vaticano
(scale -<nnnrtnr> or about 8f- miles to an inch) ; with plans of i Galli Rocks
( 23300 ); Psestum in Agropoli Bay ( 60 ooo ); and D"10 Isle and Bay ( att | 00 ). xxvin. The island of Corsica, with the Tuscan islands (gmnnnr? or °r miles to Corsica.
the inch) ; with plans of San Fiorenzo, Isola Rossa, Calvi, Porto Vecchio, and Bastia (each on the scale 42500 )- XXIX. A sheet with a plan of the Gulf of Ajaccio, on a scale of ± a * yp ; and the Road of Capo Corso ( i6 g 00 ) , with two views of the land.
The Strait of Bonifaccio, between Corsica and Sardinia ( Sd l 6
- 6
-, or nearly a mile to an inch) ; with plans of Lavezzi and its rock, the harbour of Bonifaccio, and the isle of Cavallo. XXXI. A general chart of the island of Sardinia, on a scale of 610
1d00 , or 7 miles Sardinia.
to an inch ; with small plans of Port Longo Sardo and the Bay of Tortoli.
XXXII. The Gulf of Asmara, on the north-west coast of Sardinia (j or !• miles to the inch) ; with a plan of the Road of Porto Torres, and a view of
Castel Sardo.
XXXIII. The north-east coast of Sardinia and its adjacent islands ^hyu> or about 1^ miles to one inch) ; with plans of Maddalena and Porto Cervo, and a view
of Capo dell' Urso.
398 CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY.
XXXIV.
Sardinia. A sheet of Sardinian ports—namely, Ports Conte and Alghero ( 82 ooo )> with a view of Capo della Caccia; the Channel of San Pietro ( a2 ^ 06 ), with
a view of Point Colonne ; and Cagliari Bay ( 2 ^ 00 ), with a view of the city from the anchorage. xxxv. The south coast of Sardinia, on a scale of 2 ^ g
1
^ 6 , or about 3§- miles to the inch ; with views of San Pietro, and the G-allo Rock, off the west point
of San Pietro. xxxvi.
Sicily. A general chart of Sicily, Malta, the adjacent islands, and parts of Italy, Sardinia, and Africa. Scale sWuinj"* or aDOUt Hi miles to one inch.
XXXVII. A map of Sicily, on a scale of 5l5
1000 , or 7 miles to the inch ; reduced and corrected from Baron Schmettau's large manuscript map on thirty sheets, lent me by the Sicilian government.
XXXVIII. Chart of the west coast of Sicily, and the iEgadean islands ( ia8
1000 , or 2f geographical miles to the inch) ; with part of the gulf of Castell'a mare.
xxxix. A sheet of coast views : —1. From the shoal off Cape San Vito. the shoal off Emilia point. 3. Trapani from the Asinello rock. 4, from the outer shoal. 5. The town of Mazzara from the roads.
2. From
Marsala
The anchorages and vicinity of Trapani, on a scale of aeloo , or about 1^
miles to an inch ; with views of Maretimo Castle and the Saracenic tower on Mount St. Julian, and an ancient coin of Eryx for identity of site.
Chart of the north coast of Sicily and the adjacent islands (^xnnnr? or 6^ miles to the inch) ; with views of the rock of Scylla and the Faro point.
Plan of the island of Ustica ( 28 86o ) ; with a view of the bay and town of Santa Maria, in the same island, and an ancient coin ascribed to it.
XLIII. Plan of the environs and gulf of Palermo (rxinnrj or about one mile to an inch) ; with views of Cape Di Gallo and Cape Zaffarano, and an ancient
coin of Soluntum.
XLIV. Plan of the bay and city of Palermo, on a scale of 15 q ()0 , or about 3-th of a mile to an inch ; with a view of the Ponte dell'Ammiraglio over the
Oretus, and an ancient coin of Panormus for identity of site.
CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY. 399
XLV. A sheet of coast views : —1. Bay of Palermo. 2. Cefalu bearing east by Sicily south five miles distant. 3. The channel between Sicily and the iEolian
Islands. 4. Distant views of the entrance into the Faro Channel. XLVI. Plan of the Lipari group, or iEolian Islands, on the north coast of Sicily ; to a scale of l45
1000 , or about two miles to the inch.
XLVII. Plan of the bay of Lipari ( a0 ^ 60 ), with an ancient coin of the island, and
a view of the city of Lipari. Plan of Olivieri Bay ( 17 ^ 00 ), with an ancient
coin of Tyndaris, and a view of Cape Tindaro. XLVIII. A sheet of coast views: —1. The channel between the islands of Lipari and Vulcano. 2. Panaria, Basiluzzo, &c, and Stromboli, from Exmouth
Bank. 3. The iEolian Islands as seen from the Penrose Pocks. 4. The Strait of Messina, from the anchorage on the shoal off the Faro point.
XLLX. The city, bay, and promontory of Milazza, on a natural scale of 11 ^ ))(> , or about £th of a mile to one inch ; with a view of the town and castle, from
near the Tonnara.
L. A general chart of the east coast of Sicily and the south part of Calabria. Scale aoVooo * or ^our miles to the inch.
LI. Plan of the Faro or Strait of Messina ( ^00 , or f-ths of a geographical mile to an inch) ; with a view of Scilla Castle.
LIT. Plan of the city and harbour of Messina, on a scale of ^/00 , or about ^th of a mile to the inch. An ancient coin of Messina for identity of site and symbol
LIII. A sheet of coast views : —1. The city and harbour of Messina. 2. Mount
iEtna, as seen from off Schisb point. 3. View of the Cyclop islets. 4. The
city and port of Catania.
LIV. Plan of the bay and environs of Taormina Goooo) ; with views of the city of Taormina and Schisb point, and ancient coins of Tauromenium and Naxos.
LV.
inch) ; with a view of the town and Torre d'Avola lighthouse, and a coil] of the ancient Megara.
400 CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY.
LVI. Sicily. The city, harbour, and environs of Syracuse, on a natural scale of l3 ^ 06 , or about ^-th of a mile to the inch ; with a view of the port from the temple
of Jupiter Olympius, and two ancient coins for identity of site.
LVII. A sheet of coast views: —1. The port and castle of La Bruca. 2. Thecity and port of Syracuse. 3. Cape Passaro bearing south-south-east about
six miles. 4. The town and road of Alicata.
LVIII. General chart of the south coast of Sicily ( gs^ooo ? or 5^-th miles to one
inch.) ; with a plan of Alicata, and views of Cape Passaro from off the ton- nara, and from the south.
LIX. Plan of the city, environs, and anchorage of Girgenti ( 5 ^ 00 , or about
|- a mile to an inch) ; with a view of the city from the temple of iEsculapius, a coin of Agrigentum for identity, and another of the tyrant Phintias.
LX. A sheet of coast views: —1. The mole of Girgenti, as seen from the temple of the Virgins. 2. Appearance of the south-west point of Sicily.
3. The island of Pantellaria. 4. Cape Dimitri, off Goza. 5. Appearanceof Malta and Goza when passing Comino.
LXI. The town and port of Pantellaria (55*00 ), with a view of the town, and an
ancient coin of Cossyra ; also a plan of the harbour of Lampedusa on anatural scale of y^j-g-. LXII. Plan of the island of Linosa ( aa ^ 00 , or \ a mile to an inch), with a view
of its south coast; and a plan of Lampedusa and Lampion on a scale of
Maltese
lxiii. Hydro-geographic map of the Maltese islands and rocks, on a natural
islands, scale of a4 % 00 , or one ^ mile to one inch.
LXIV. Plan of St. Paul's Bay ( d ^e>6 ) or "11 mile to an inch) ; with a view of the tower and battery on Koura point, and a view of the Salmona palace. LXV. The city, towns, fortifications, and harbours of Valetta, on a natural scale of s^g, or "12 mile to an inch ; with a view of the castle and lighthouse of
Sant' Elmo, one of the castle of Sant' Angelo, and a third of Valetta from a
distance. LXVI. Plan o Marsa Scirocco bay (g-^nr, or 013 mile to the inch) ; with a view
of its commanding fortress, St. Lucian's tower-redoubt.
CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY. 401
General chart of the south-east coast of Italy, from Cape Spartivento Calabria.
round Cape Santa Maria di Leuca, and into the Adriatic to Polignano
( ovo^oo ? or nearly 8 miles to an inch); with plans of Cotrone (-8-/61T), Taranto
( aaooo) , and GaUipoli ( 5a | 00 )- LXVIII. A sheet containing plans of the harbour of Brindisi ( 31 ^ 50 , or "44 mile Naples
to the inch), the port of Otranto ( 35 ooo )> and the Tremiti or Diomedeae isles east.
^ 30 5 00 , or '41 mile to an inch). LXIX. General chart of the east coast of Italy, from Monopoli and Polignano to Fossaceca (xuinnnr)> or §\ miles to one inch ; with plans of Barletta. ( 32 ooo)> Viesti ( 24; Y6o ), Manfredonia ( 2e ^ 00 ), and Pianosa Rock ( a0 £ 00 ). LXX. General chart of the east coast of Italy, from Fossaceca to Rimino, on a pAPAIj
natural scale of 4 oo
1ooo > or nearly 5\ miles to the inch ; with plans of Ortona States.
(i706o )> Fano ( 2 ^ 00 ), Rimino ( 2
.22
- o), Fesaro ( 30 ooo) > Sinigaglia ( 22 £ o )> and Porto Nuovo ( 4 6ooo )- LXXI. Plan of the city, fortifications, and port of Ancona, on a natural scale of
12 ±oo > or '17 mile to the inch ; with a general view of the citadel and mole
as seen from off Mount Conero.
LXXII. General chart of the coasts of Italy and Istria, from Kimino to Cape Pro- yEN1CE. montore (a-roinro or ^'8 miles to one inch). This comprehends the north
part of the Adriatic Sea, and is locally termed the Gulf of Venice. A sheet containing a particular plan of Venice and its anchorages
(•sttsutt) j Porto di Chioggia on the same scale ; and the free-port of Trieste d 2 ooo )- With a view of the city and the Porporello, from the anchorage
off Malamocco.
LXXIV. A sheet of Istrian ports—namely, Pirano ( 4 ^? 06 ), Omago (T
-s
-gir!T) , ports Istria. Quieto and Cittanova ( 2 ^ 00 ), Parenzo ( 11250 ), Orsera and the Lemo Canale
to Rovigno (irrhni)* antl Port Veruda ( 20 ooo )-
The harbours of Fasana and Pola, with the Brioni islands, on a scale of
2 ofloo to nature, or *27 mile to an inch ; and a view of the amphitheatre and watering-place. LXXVI. A general chart of the coasts of Croatia and Dalmatia, from Cape Pro- Croatia. montore to Slozella, comprehending the Quarnero, Quarnerolo, Morlacca, Maltempo, and Zara channels, on a scale of g^po, or 4*8 miles to the inch ; with plans of Kerso (vr$w)> Porio Re (To~hn>)> San Pietro di Nembo (^ \
,-, „), and Unie Bay ( 34000 )- D D
402 CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY.
LXXVII. Dalmatia. A sheet containing ports of Croatia and Dalmatia—namely, Port Augusto, in Lossin Piccolo ( 29 50o ) Port Beguglia ( 5 ^oo)> with a view ofBianche lighthouse, Zara and its harbour (ows)* the strait of Pasman( 39 io o)> Morter Canale Gnmnr), and Port Tajer ( 46 £ 60 )
.
Plan of Port Sebenico, with the outer channels and Vodizze road ( 64 ooo )? the port of Ragosnitza ( 6y o o) ; and the bay of Spalatro (hqoo)- LXXIX. General chart of the coast of Dalmatia, from Zara Vecchia to RagusaVecchia (^^soo? or ^f- miles to the inch) ; with plans of Pelagosa rocks(uwutt)* an(l Ports Lago and Rosso on Lagosto island ( 66 5 00 ). A sheet of Dalmatian ports, containing Lessina and its Canale (rrtnnr) > Port S. Giorgio in Lissa ( 20 g 66) ; Valle grande of Curzola ( e22o0 )
; theCanale di Curzola (rrrsTnr) > Tort Milna of Brazza, in the canale di Spalatro(3 9
o
rg) '> an(l Rorto Palazzo in Meleda (? LXXXI. Ragusa and the Kalamota channels, with the rocks and bay of RagusaVecchia. On a natural scale of ^floo, or about one mile to a linear inch.
LXXXII. Albania. General chart of the coast of Albania, from Ragusa Vecchia to PortPalermo, with a part of the opposite coast of Italy (tstottoj the inch), and an enlarged sketch of the coves under Kimara.
or 61- miles toPlan of the gulf of Cattaro (Bocche di Cattaro), on a natural scale of7(i 5 00 , or about one geographical mile to an inch, with a plan of Porto di Budua ( ailoo) ? an(i ^ne ^e 0I> S. Niccolb. LXXXIV. A sheet of Albanian ports—namely, Antivari bay ( 59 q 06 ), Dulcignoroad (42500) * Durazzo bay (82 £ 00) , Aulona or Valona bay (x^nnr)? PortPalermo (^J^), and Parga {TW^).
Ionian General chart of the channels of Corfu, with the adjacent coast of AlbaniaIslands, ( ag^ooo? or about 3^ miles to an inch) ; with plans of Alipa and San Mccoloin Yhapades bay ( 2Q ^ 00 ), Port Gayo in Paxo (r^nnr)? and Port Laka in thesame island ( 21 | 60 ). LXXXVI. The town and road of Corfu, with the environs from Ulysses rock toPorto Govino, on a scale of 2e ^ 00 , or ^ of a mile to a linear inch ; with viewsof the town and citadel.
CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY. 403
LXXXVH.
General chart of the central Ionian Islands, with the opposite coast of Ionian
Greece from Parga to the mouth of the Alpheius, with the gulfs of Arta and Islands. Patras (rsTnnnr)* or ^r mues to an inch) ; with four views from particular
points. A sheet of Ionian ports, containing Santa Maura and its vicinity ( 70 ^ 00 ), Port Vliko in Leucadia ( 52 ^ 60 ), Dragamesti and the Echinades ( 7(^ 60 ), Port Vathi in Ithaca ( 15 ooo )> EQrt Argostoh in Cephalonia, with two views
( 111
1o00 ), and Zante Bay ( aiS g 60 ) , with a view of the bay from the lazzaretto.
A general chart of the west coast of the Morea, from Gastouni river to Morea.
the Gulf of Koron ( 25 /0Q0 ), or 3 §- miles to the inch) ; with a plan and view
of the Stamfane or Strivali rocks ( 65 q 00 ), and Mothoni or Modon, Port Longona of Sapienza, and the road of Koron, each on a scale of a2 ^ 00 .
Plan of the town and harbour of Navarin, or Neo Kastro, with the Paled Kastro or ancient Pylus, on a natural scale of 37 ^ 00 , or half a geo- graphical mile to the inch.
xci. General chart of the coast of the Morea, from Venetico Island to Kyparisi, with the Cervi and Cerigo channels into the Archipelago ( 250
1000 , or 3§
miles to the inch). Also plans of Port Nikolo in Cerigo ( a6 ^ 00 )
, Kapsali
bay in Cerigo (-0-5^- mile to an inch.
Chart of the coast of Egypt, from Al Awa'id to the Rosetta mouth of the Egvpt.
Nile dzmnnnr* or about 3 miles to the inch) ; with views of Abukeer Castle, and the Arab's Tower.
Plan of the city, environs, and harbours of Alexandria, on a scale of scoooj or £ of a mile to the inch; with the Pharos enlarged {-^-TS), and a view of it. Also a view of Alexandria from the anchorage.
General chart of the north coast of Africa, from Alexandria to Ras al Kalal (t 2 7 6oo o> or 17£ miles to an inch); with plans of Ras al Halal Gimnnr)* Ras et Tyn (rshnr)> Marsa Tel)ruk (st^ott), Dernah (yshnr) ', a,1(1 Ishailah rocks, Marsa Labeit, and Marsa Mahadda, each Tnnroiro> or %t
inches to a mile. xcv. Plan of the Gulf of Bombah and tbe adjacent isles, on a natural BCale of salvo , or 7'tlis of a mile to a linear inch ; with a view of Bhurd&h Isle from
the north-east.
I) 1) 2
404 CATALOGUE OF THE SURVEY.
XCVI.
Tripoli. General chart of the coast of Barbary from Marsa Susah to Misratah, forming the Gulf of Sidra or Greater Syrtis (x asoooo? or about 18^- miles to an inch). On this sheet are also plans of Marsa Bureigah (^j), GharahRocks (iinmnr)* Benghazi (n^), Marsa Susah {^m), Tolmeitah ( 29 | 00 ), and Marsa Zafran (i4 | 00)
. A general chart of the coast of Barbary, from Melhafah in the Syrtis to Karkarish on the west of Tripoli (^cnnju-j or &h miles to the inch) ; with aplan and view of the ruins of Leptis Magna ( 84 ooo )? and Marsa Ugrah(soooo)'
XCVIII. The harbour and environs of Tripoli, on a scale of 15 e ()0 , or \ an inch ; with a view of the fortifications from the outer roads, from the middle of the harbour.
of a mile to and anotherXCIX.
Tunis. A general chart of the coast of Barbary, from Ras al Amrah in Tripoli to Tabulbah in Tunis, including the Gulf of Khabs or Lesser Syrtis (r 6 oaooo ? or about 10^ miles to the inch) ; with plans of the Bukal channel of JerbahWoo o) > and Tripoli Vecchio (mmm)-
General chart of the coast of Barbary, from Cape Africa in Tunis to the
Fratelli rocks (g or 6% miles to the inch) ; with
or Africa city ( 95 | 00 )
, and another of the Fratelli rocks (
: plan of Mehediahihnj), or aboutf
ths of a mile to an inch. A sheet of Tunisian ports, containing the Bay of Bizertah, the details of Cape Bon, Monastir Bay and the Kuriah Isles, and the lake and environs of Tunis, with the vestiges of Carthage ; the last on a natural scale of 94 oo o> or 1^ of a geographical mile to one inch.
CII. Algeria. A sheet of Barbary plans, namely, the port and isle of Tabarkah, ^ of amile to one inch ; the bay and beaches of Ustorah, and the Galita Islands, the last on a scale of 2^250 ? or ^ of a mile to an inch ; with a view of Galita and Galitona.
General chart of the coast of Barbary, from the Fratelli rocks of Tunis to the Pisan rocks of Algeria ( fe50
x
5()
- , or nearly 9 miles to an inch) ; with plans
of Bujeyah (l5 /oo6)> tne Fisan rocks ( 32 ooo )> Port Jigeli (grijw); Kolah( 72 % 00 )
, Al Kal'ah cove d^oo) and Bonah bay (rWinnr)- Also views of Cape Carbon and the Pisan rocks, and the town and castle of Bonah.
civ. A general chart of the coast of Barbary, from Bujeyah in Algeria to the Zaphran Isles on the coast of Morocco ( nolooo)
'> with plans of the cove at
REMARK OX THE SURVEY. 405
Sidi Ferej, and the port of Waharan (r^y^nr)- Th*3 remainder of the coast of Morocco.
Barbary, from the Zaphran Isles to the Atlantic Ocean, is on plate No. V. A sheet with the city, bay, and environs of Algiers ( 58 y oo )> an(^ ^ne Zaphran Isles, the scale of the latter being ^soo; or about '15 mile to one
inch; with two views, one of the city of Algiers, the other of the Ja'ferei, or greater Zaphran.
Such being the results of my surveys and re-examina- On the tions, I am prepared to show—more in confidence than
presumption—that, however much these charts may fall short of that fulness in detail and delicacy of finish which more time and strength would have enabled us to give
them, they are quite equal to every reasonable requirement
of the navigator ; and generally also to the engineer and
the inquiring traveller. But that is not all : the school thus
formed has flourished, and my survey may be said to have My survey extended. been continued into the East. When Captain Copeland was despatched to the Levant, two of my officers—Cooling
and Wolfe—were placed with him ; while Messrs. Elson and
West were making use of such opportunities as offered, on
the same station. At length my zealous e leve, Captain
Graves, after returning from an arduous voyage to Magellan's Captain Strait under Captain P. P. King, in our old ship the Adventure, assumed the surveying tiller in the Levant, and
most successfully guided an enlarged and efficient establish- ment for many years. The effect of unanimity and talent has been truly gratifying ; insomuch that there results a mass of Archipelagan charts and plans of so high a quality
in detail, accuracy, and finish, that any naval officer may be
proud on scrutinizing them. Altogether, whatever improvement in the art of marine surveying may yet arise, it can
safely be asserted that Mediterranean chartography can Prediction. never again incur such reproaches as those recorded on
pages 354 to 356. Forty years have, indeed, worked
wonders in meeting the scientific wants of the seaman.
406
PART V.
ON THE ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE ADOPTED;THE GEOGRAPHICAL POINTS —OR CO-ORDINATES OFLATITUDE, LONGITUDE, AND HEIGHT—OF THE MEDITERRANEAN SHORES ; WITH THE VARIATION OF THEMAGNETIC NEEDLE, AND OTHER NOTANDA.
§ 1. On the Orthography and Nomenclatureadopted.
matter,
Geographi- TTTE have now arrived at the fundamental end and aim* "
of all the before-mentioned operations—namely, theregister of the Geographical Points by which all the formerMediterranean charts are reformed ; and as this tabularexhibition contains certain symbols for reference, they necessarily require some explanation in order to obviate needlesssubsequent repetition.
Prefatory In the first place, the attempt at reconciling the dis- cordant orthography and even the nomenclature of islands,towns, ports, and headlands, ought to be expressly stated, inorder to prevent misunderstanding where an apparent discre-pancy occurs ; and in the identifying of ancient and modernsites now offered, the reader must accept of my responsibility,instead of being troubled, through a long series, with fathomsof discussion and contending authorities. Thinking, withCervantes, that annotations such as those he alludes to
* Goliah, Golias, or Goliat the Philistine' —rather retardthan illustrate, I have endeavoured to enrol only what is demanded by the object in view ; and throughout the
ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE. 407
survey I have sought to preserve the local name in actual
use, the spelling of which has been as much as possible
fashioned by that of the inhabitants. Thus, in the coasts of Spain, France, and Italy, the orthography of the natives
is carefully followed—except where the spelling has been so Anglicized by custom, and apocope, as to have become verna- usage, cularly adopted into our language ; and a departure from such
adaptations might be stigmatized as an affectation by correct
writers, however they may have become familiarized by our
continual intercourse with the Continent, and by the ex- ample of some whose education teaches them French rather than English grammar. In Greece and Barbary, on the
other hand, where the alphabets totally differ from our own, Differing ti i t i
• • i i i
• • alphabets. 1 have declined receiving the names through any rntervening
channel, and have transferred, as well as obvious imperfections will admit, from the common pronunciation directly
into English. Our borrowing Eastern names through the
filter of other tongues of western Europe, has been both
absurd and mischievous ; and it is curious what singular
errors and misconceptions have originated from a cause apparently so insignificant.
Yet although along the coasts of France and Italy I Remark have almost invariably followed the French and Italian nomenclature, on that of Spain a slight discretion has
been used where the name is not truly Spanish. That
language is one of the most pure in Europe, but its guttural
enunciation has hampered their writing of foreign terms

as Guadalquiver (Wad el Kebir), Alfaques (El Fakkah),
Oran (Wahrdn), Mazalquiver (Marsa 'I Kebir), Algeciras
(Al Jezeirat*). These are certainly merely naturalized
words, for, as Don Quixote told Sancho, ' the name of Albogues is Moorish, as are all those in our language be-
* This common word for island is usually spelt with t ; but the final h is only sounded as t before a following vowel— Jeze'irat-ud-khadhr;i, the Green
Island, is the complete name. Jezeirat should be pronounced so as to rhyme
with ' fire at.'
408 ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE.
Spanish ginning with al ; * but even in the old Spanish the ortho- graphy is by no means uniform, and certain letters, whichin that language have the same sound to a Spaniard's ear, are often used for each other, as b and v—c, z, s, and g—and g, j, x. Some confusion has arisen, also, from our ren- dering their word Monte by mountain, whereas it often merely marks a copse or thicket ; and others of their geographical terms are incurably difficult for the mouth of aforeigner, as Jaraicijo, the name of a Spanish town whencethe Duke of Wellington wrote his pithy letter to GeneralEguia, in 1809, and which no one but a native ever pro- nounced properly. If spelt 'Haraiceho, it might be better aspirated by an Englishman at sight.
Variations in orthography are not confined to Spain
;
and though I have almost followed the French and Italians on their own coasts, it has been with that degree of cautionthat custom has not been violated without substantial
Names with reason. On this account no alteration in the spelling hasmeaning. . . taken place which would injure the sense, since so manynames have meanings — as the puntals, Olla, Cabezos,Palos,and Palomas, of the Spaniards; the Seche, Fourmigues,Gabiniere, of the French ; the Bonaria, Capraja, Maremme,of the Italians; and the Cranae, Styli, Zancle, Ga'ideronesos, Drepanum, Myconus, Hydrussa, and Strongyle, of theGreeks : not a few being derived from parts of the humanframe, as brow and foot of a mountain ; an arm of the sea,
* ' Yeste nombre Albogues es Morisco, comolo son todos aquellos, que en
nuestra lingua Castellana comiencan en AL.' While on this topic, a glance
may be allowed at the recent rendering of Cape Trafalgar into Head of
Laurels, and the consequent unnecessary compliments to Nelson. Taraf- al-ghur literally means Cape Cave, or Cavern Point : taraf when rapidly uttered is either tarf or traf, meaning extremity, angle, side, direction, &c. Al ghdr may signify bay-tree, the ancient laurus; but it is very unlikely that an Arab would call a point of land covered with laurels, taraf al ghdr; and certainly, from well knowing the spot and its elemental visitations, I should have strong doubts of a bay-tree's ever having grown there. Thatboth wind and sea have unceasingly attacked it for many ages, is attested byits aspect and the adjacent shoals.
ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE. 409
and its sleeve ; a tongue of land ; a ness, or nose of land ; Italian a vein of ore ; a head-l&nd, &c. The old geographers of
Italy, before the complete change had taken place which
resolved the Latin into an Italian language, were nearer to our mode of writing than they are now. In the fine Portolano of Canachi already mentioned, Legorno, Florentia,
and Neapolis, appear for Livorno, Firenze, and Napoli of the present day ; and assuredly the classic enunciation of the two last cities assimilates more with the English names —also our adjective, Neapolitan—than with the modern
Italian. Leghorn he has even written in Greek characters, Leghorn. Aeyopvo (see page 331) ; and others of the same epoch
(circa 1550) term it Legorne, Ligorna, and Ligorno, which
last was adopted by Crescentio, in 1607.*
The general rule for spelling Greek names, in the Latin Greek &
. . names. mode, is hardly applicable to modern Greek, wherein accent and emphasis are now one and the same thing, whereas anciently accent was—as its name signifies—intonation : and
where the consonants and vowels have very different sounds
from those given to them by the ancient Greeks and Romans.
Well-educated Hellenians have latterly been anxious, almost
to affectation and pedantry, in their attempts to restore or
to appropriate the ancient geographical names to places
* I have been the more particular in this statement, because some of our
superficial linguists—following each other—have stigmatized these names as being exclusively British violations of lingual purity. A floundering wit
asserts that though the English profess to abhor assassination, they have made no scruple of murdering the names of both the Tuscan capital and its seaport: ' And who,' he asks, 'would ever have thought that such a word
as Naples could have possibly been Anglicized from the sweet-sounding
Napoli?' Purdy (Mediterranean Directory, 1820, page91) has it ' Livokno,
the chief port of Tuscany, commonly, by the French, called Livourne; by
the English, Leghorn: a barbarism sanctioned by custom.' ' We will now
transport the reader,' says Conder {Italy, xol. iii. page 51) 'to the bustling commercial city of Livorno, which John Bull only knows by the uncouth Dame of Leghorn.' Even the Penny Cyclopaedia, less courteous than Mr. Purdy to established right, refuses to describe the port under ' Leghorn,'
saying, 'see Livorno.' On referring to the modem Italian word, the parentage of the former is thus made over to us: ' Livorno, called, by cor- ruption, Leghorn bj the English.'
410 ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE.
celebrated in the annals of their classical ages. But eventhe renowned cities of Athens, and Thebes, and Eleusis,
with the islands of Delos, and Lenmos, and Cos, and manyother time-sanctified places, of which the names have neverbeen changed nor altered since the early days of Greece,
have assumed such trivial appellations in maps and charts
as to leave few traces of their original to the eye, or at least
causes of to the ear of the experienced inquirer. These changes are owing to several causes, exclusive of the operation of timeand the influence of a general decay in the Greek language
;
we may enumerate four of the most obvious
:
From I. By the zeal and piety of the Christian emperors,religious motives, who were ever making dedications to the Virgin Mary, or
to angels, saints, and martyrs of the Greek Church. Aninstance of this may be seen at Ephesus. When the
worship of Diana was abolished in that renowned city, its temple, and the place itself, were dedicated to and namedafter St. John the Evangelist, its first bishop. Leucadiahas in a similar way become "Ayia Mavpa, or Santa Maura.Many other places have been christened Panagla, SanGiorgio, San Michele, San Demetrio : and in like mannerthe peninsula of Athos assumed the name of "Ayiov "Opog,
or Monte Santo. Stavros, the Cross, has become a commonand respected designation.
II. By Latin or Frank Conquerors of the EasternEmpire. —An example of an ancient Hellenic namechanged by the modern Greeks, and abruptly corrupted
by the Frank conquerors, occurs with respect to the island
of Eubcea. The modern Greeks seem to have discontinued
Emipus. the use of that name, and to have called the place Evpnrog,
Evripo, from the celebrated channel which divides it fromBceotia. But when the Franks took possession of it, theyseem to have mistaken ug tov "Eypnrov for v "Eypnrov, call- ing it first, Egripo, and then Negropon. The bridge whichcrosses this channel, uniting Eubcea to the main land, mayhave suggested the addition of a final syllable : and thus
ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE. 411
becoming Negroponte, the Black bridge, has usurped the
honour of Euripus.
A similar wish to assign a significant name to the
principal port or harbour of Athens, induced the Venetians
to change the name of Piraeus to Porto Dracone, and after- Porto wards to Porto Leone, in allusion to the sculptured lions at the extremities of the piers of the artificial harbour. So,
also, they degraded Mount Hymettus into Monte Matto,
whence the Trelo vouni, or mad mountain of the Turks.
The promontory of Sunium, in Attica, was called Capo
Colonne by the Venetians, as Phigalia is called Styli (the styii. columns) by the modern Greeks, on account of the marble
colonnades of the temples still remaining there. So Port
Prasise, in Attica, gained the designation of Porto Raphti, Kaphti. from a statue on an islet there which resembled a raphtis, or sempstress in attitude. The Cyclades were called by the modern Greeks Dodeka-nesi (twelve islands) ; but on the successes of the flag of
St. Mark they became Duca-nesi, in honour of the Dukes Duca-nesi. or Doges of Venice ; and as the Isthmus of Corinth is about
six miles across, its name was changed to Hexamili, an Hexamiii. appellation which has almost become generic for an
isthmus, such as that of the Thracian Chersonesus, and
others.
III. By the domination of the Turks.—The changes Turkish superinduced by the Turkish conquerors on these corruptions by modern Greeks and Franks, have still more dis- figured the names of celebrated places. Thus Ephesus, Ephesus. after having been changed into "Ayiog QeoXoyog by the
Greek Christians, has been corrupted by the Turks into Ayasolook, to avoid sounding the y an^ the 0. For the
latter reason Thessalonica was made into Saloniki. Among
other contractions and deprivations, they are accused of having carried the abuse of the preposition ug, and the
accusative, in the formation of names, to its present puzzling
condition, by which a whole sentence i> mistaken for a
412 ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE.
Constan- proper name. Thus the lengthy word Constantinople wasreduced to r\ iroXig, the city, by way of special eminenceover all other cities. Besides which, the l going to town/expressed in Greek by '(tt^vttoXiv, or elg tyjv ttoXlv, pro- nounced 'Stambolin, has given rise, first to the names of Istambol and 'Stambol, and then to that of Islambol, whichin Turkish means the City of Islamism, or of the true Mahometan faith.* But perhaps the most violent change of this nature wasLepanto. the complete substitution of the Gulf of Lepanto for the
Sinus Corinthiacus, which has properly been lately restored
Naupaetus. to Gulf of Corinth on our charts: Naupactus, says d'Anvil] e, became Lepanto ' by a strange depravation of the nameEnebect, formed by the Greeks from that of Naupact'—aplace for building ships : so the Genoese called the Palus
Masotis by the name Mare delle Zabacche. A friend suggests that Lepanto may only be a vulgarized corruption
of Levante, from its being the eastern opening, whichwould in some degree continue the ancient name if wederive that from vavg, a ship, and 7ra»cra, doors, a ship channel.
Errors by IV- By the more recent corruptions of travellers, &c.—travellers, rpjiege consist f the mistakes made by such Frank sojourners
in the Levant as are ignorant of the orthography, pronunciation, etymology, or grammar, of the Greek language, andyet are in sufficient numbers and station to secure the
assumption of error. Thus also the modern Greek pilots
and mariners have adopted the names of places in their own seas, that are most familiar to the various foreigners
who frequent the shores of Greece and Asia Minor; thoughthese names are a strange mixture and corruption of Hellenic, Eomaic, Latin, Frank, and Turkish. From such
and by- Greek
pilots.
* See the excellent Sir George Wheler's Journey to Greece (fol., Lond.
1681, p. 178) ; a valuable authority for its date, however faulty in illus- trations.
ORTHOGRAPHY AND NOMENCLATURE. 413
acquiescence many of the misnomers retain their places in our charts and maps.
It is thus, even to the time of Dr. Chandler's visit, that Athens. Athens seems to have been called and spelt Setines, or Setenes, by the Franks, whereas it is merely a bad pronunciation of the ancient tc 'AOrivag, or 'c 'AQr'ivag, 'to Athens/
by foreigners who were not aware that it is the accusative
case, and who, being unable to pronounce th, substituted the t for that sound. By a similar process 6rjj3cu, or other
'c Qvfiag, has become Stevas, or Steves. So Eleusis, or \ "EXzwiva, has become Slefsina and Lefsina; Leuce is Lefke ; Lemnos, or ^grbv Ariiuvov (sub. vr\<rov), is now (sailed Stalimene; Cos, or VrovKwv, is Stanchio; Delos is Standili and Solili; Ithaca becomes Teaki and even Val di Compare, and its port, Vathi. In this last it should be remembered that B is always pronounced V by the modern Greeks,
the sound of B being represented by Mil in the Romaic, Greek
spelling. so that they spell Bonaparte, MiruivaTrapTt. Thus, their employing NT for our D, their A as well as G being dh or
th, the x a strongly aspirated H, besides the Latins having
substituted the C, which may be either hard or hissing, as k or s, for their unmistakeable K, and other differences of pronunciation and spelling, show the difficulty of representing the names of one language by the alphabet of another. Now without violent reform, it seems that our charts would
be more intelligible to Levantine pilots, were Kephallonfa

Vostitsa—Avlona—Tserigo—Kenkhries—and the like, to be thus written, instead of Cefalonia—Vostizza—Valona

Cerigo—and Cenchri.
Such are some of the causes of confusion in geographical Remark, orthography and parlance, and since they followed commerce and intercourse, some of them were inevitable. But
the anomaly here complained of—namely, that of writing
the proper names of a foreign language which has a different alphabet—was wilful. My own difficulties in that line in-
414 ADOPTED ORTHOGRAPHY.
Arabic names.
creased greatly along the shores of North Africa ; for thoughI comprehended Greek sufficiently to wade through someof the grosser corruptions, my knowledge of Arabic, and its Moorish dialect, was small indeed. The principle to befollowed, therefore, was, as far as sound could guide me, to write the word on the spot, using the vowels as in Italian,
because of the simplicity and invariability of their pronunciation and orthography—which usage also prevails throughout the south-east and centre of Europe ; and the consonants
as in English, each with one unchangeable sound. HavingMy mode, thus written them to the best of my ability, I generally,
where a native capable of so doing was to be found, got
them also written in Arabic, with their significations, as ameans of future correction; and these, fortunately, havebeen most carefully scrutinized by my friend, the Rev. George Cecil Renouard, whose recognised knowledge of the
oriental languages is a guarantee for the system adopted.
Hence many bizarre words were erased from the charts,
and in those substituted, the English reading will sound so as to be intelligible to the native. Indeed, in this respect our enunciation favours the change, as may be instanced in the Gallicized word marabou, for marabut, a saint or devotee,
and thence a small chapel built over his grave

the whitedsepulchre of St. Matthew?—to be seen on most of their points and headlands, and which, instead of the full wordit makes in the mouth of a native, became the marraboo of our sailing directions. There are many of these blunders,
but one may be cited ere it is quite cleared off the charts. At Smyrna, in a former day, no foreign ship was allowed
to anchor before her boat had reported her name and nation
to the officer of a post on a projecting headland, where the
Turkish sanjak, or banner, was hoisted. This cape, therefore called Sanjak Burnu, became of consequence in the
charts and directories; and the French hydrographes,
adapting it to their own euphony, dubbed it Pointe St. Jacques, the which our savans duly translated Point St.
Marabut.
Risible blunder
GEOLOGICAL CHANGES. 415
James, the name under which it appeared, till very lately, in our Admiralty charts.* Another cause of trouble has been the difficulty, in Changes
„ j. . ™ places. many mstances, of assigning the exact sites of various
ancient places of considerable historic importance; a necessity involved by the classical and memorable facts and
events of those interesting: shores. The delta of the Ehone Delta of the ... . Rhone. has altered surprisingly since Strabo wrote, as is readily
traceable. Notre Dame des Ports, a harbour in A.D. 898,
is now a league from the shore ; and Aigues Mortes—as already stated—the sea-port whence St. Louis embarked
for Palestine only in 1248, has retired inland to the distance of five miles (page 13). Ravenna is at present in the Ravenna, midst of gardens and meadows; and Ostia is surrounded
by fields. The isle of Lada, where the Athenian fleet took Lada. up a station in the days of Thucydides, is lost in the alluvion
formed by the Ma^ander ; and that of Minoa, the out-post
of Megara, is not now traceable, through its having become
part of the coast of that vicinity,—and the actual spot, as reconcilable to its relations with Nicsea, is involved in the isic^a. greatest uncertainty. The strong town (EniadaB, stated to have been at the mouth of the Achelous in the days of Thucydides, is nowhere to be found in that vicinity; and
there is much confusion in reconciling history and geo- graphy in respect to the depositions of that river, as
affecting the islets of Oxise and Echinades. The identity ox\x. of Sphacteria and Pylus with the vicinity of Navarino in r-yius. our charts, would seem to be sufficiently obvious; but
scrutiny has shown the existence of various puzzling inconsistencies, for which the reader is referred to the able dis- sertation of my late friend Dr. Arnold, appended to the
second volume of his edition of Thucydides, pp. 399—407,
* This will remind the reader how the authorities were puzzled to ascer- tain the identity of Peter Gower, who was such an authority among Free- masons in Locke's time. The name proved to be a corruption of the French
Pytagorc, or Pythagoras ( II vSayopag) !
416 MAKITIME POSITIONS.
which was written with my survey, on a very large scale,
under his eye.
Remark. Such conditions involved much difficulty ; but by local examination I was able to confirm or reject the views of Cluverius, Cellarius, d'Anville, and other geographers, wholaboured with fewer advantages than myself.
§ 2. Respecting the Tabulated Points.
Table of ^PHESE being the remarks with which it was considered
positions. . . . -*- necessary to precurse the lable of Positions, we can now proceed to the principal register of my undertaking;
trusting that, although—as in everything human—there
will be yet a more delicate precision obtained, my deter- minations may —combined with those of Captain Gauttier —substantially constitute the Mediterranean landmarksof the nineteenth century. And indeed, it is not a little satisfactory to find that they have now been in constant use among navigators of all nations, for upwards of a
quarter of a century, without any material alteration or
correction having been made or even suggested. A proof is therefore afforded, that however short they may be of absolute perfection, they are relatively correct; a condition
which meets the true demand of navigation.
Arrange- The Register, or table of these maritime points, has
been diligently arranged, and the information which it contains is pretty fully expressed, although in as condensed
a form as was deemed desirable. It may be observed in explanation, that where the positions are assumed from numerous observations, those results were rejected whosemean was very discordant with the extreme terms ; earnestly
hoping, that whatever acme of perfection practical astro- nomy may yet introduce into geographical details, the points
tabulated in the following pages will be found tolerably
chained together, within reasonable limits.
ment.
THE NORMAL POSITION. 417
But I must here advert to an apparent discrepancy On the which has occasioned me a little disquietude on this head, point, since it would involve the exactness of my assumed zero, the very starting-point of the chronometric comparisons:
and this arose from a doubt as to the longitude of the Royal
Observatory on the palace of Palermo, with which all the
positions are mediately or remotely connected. On com- mencing operations in Sicily, the Abbate Piazzi gave me a Piazzi's note stating the longitude of the pillar on which his great
circle stood, as 13° 20' 15" east of Greenwich; and I had
some conversation with him upon the observations from which
that result was deduced. It was mainly founded on the mean given by an occultation of X Virginis on the 12th of June, 1791, and by the solar eclipse of the 5th of September, 1793; for which he obtained trustworthy corresponding observations from Dr. Maskelyne himself. By these he
placed Palermo to the east of Greenwich, as follows :

Phenomena. Time. Arc. Observations. H. m. s. , „ By the immersion of \ Virginis . . 53 23 ... 13 20 45 Beginning of the solar eclipse . . . 53 177 ... 13 19 25 '5 Termination of ditto 53 22 ... 13 20 30 Mean ... 53 20'9 ... 13 20 13'5 As we had pitched a marquee on the mole-head for Palermo
, -, ... , . light. erecting a portable transit-instrument during my stay, Piazzi also furnished me with the distance from the meridian and perpendicular, in Sicilian palmi, from the palace
to the lighthouse adjoining the spot on which my transit was mounted ; and which, when protracted, agreed nearly
with an azimuth bearing then taken from the lighthouse to the palace observatory=S. 28° 10' W. true. So eligible a
nautical station was, of course, assumed as a standard; it gave a longitude of 13° 2V 56" east for the normal point of my departures, and from it my several arcs were measured
with all the precision I could attain. Some years afterwards, Baron de Zach was desirous of Baron de
Zach. E E
418 VISCONTI'S ANXIETY.
inserting a specimen of my method of treating chronometric
runs, in his Correspondance Astronomique; and as his object was to call the attention of geographers to the subject, I supplied him with a detailed sample, showing the mannerof connecting some places on the coast of Barbary with the
palace at Malta, which he printed in 1822. Among the
remarks which were then drawn up in illustration, I mentioned the position of the Palermo observatory which Piazzi
had given me ; and this so strongly excited the notice of myGeneral colleague, General Visconti, that he appealed to me undervisconti. ^e ^ea g^her that there was a misprint in the Baron'spages, or that there must have been some misunderstandingbetween Piazzi and myself. He had, he said, toiled throughall the Sicilian observations, and was inclined to believe that the observatory was at least 1' more to the east than I had represented it to be : ' but/ added he, ' in that case what will become of the longitudes of Tripoli, Malta, Alexandria, &c, all of which you have connected with that ofPalermo? and how happens it that your longitude ofCorfu, which of course is connected with Malta, and therefore with Palermo, should accord so well with that derivedfrom the occultation of Aldebaran, and with that by meMy reply, adopted at Naples?' To this the only reply was, that I hadreason to think, even from his own queries, that the positionof the lighthouse—which gave 8m 51 s between Palermo andMessina, and 4m 15s *4 between Messina and Malta—wouldeventually be found very near the truth. He then beggedof me to remeasure the arcs between Malta, Palermo, andNaples—" cosl i vostri cronometri vi darebbero xm esattadifferenza di longitudine tra Napoli e Palermo, e meglioche qualunque osservazione d'eclisse, o d'occultazione. Lanostra longitudine e ancora incerta per vergogna nostra., esarebbe pur bella cosa che questa determinazione importantela dovessimo a voi per il primo." This, for the attainmentof precision as nearly absolute as possible with the meansat our disposal, assuredly would have been done, but that
DAUSSY'S CALCULATIONS. 419
Visconti's request did not reach me till after my arrival in England in 1324. I therefore sent him a few documents on the subject in question, begged him to refer the whole to Piazzi for his re-consideration: and further mentioned that
I was satisfied that we could not be much in error in the
position adopted. But, recollecting the liability of chrono- Remark, meters to sudden and often inexplicable changes of rates, under causes acting so differently that the irregularities are sometimes opposed, my dependance on the results would
not have made me confident to a mile. Here the matter rested for some years, for neither of my zealous correspondents would have been satisfied with- out a definitive measurement under full means and practised
hands. But it was taken up at Paris by M. Daussy, Inge- m. Daussy. nieur Hydrographe, whose elaborate calculations of no
fewer than ten occultations, extracted from Piazzi's observations, are published in the Connaissance des Terns for 1835. By this severe labour he has arrived at the result, that the Palermo Observatory is 44m 4
s
, that is, 11° I' east of
Paris, or 13° 21' 15" east of Greenwich. Still although this conclusion may yet influence the position of the observatory,
I must, for cogent reasons, retain the situation in which I place the lighthouse, since from thence I settled Malta ; a
station whence all my runs since the year 1816 were carried and valued, as the chronometers were always rated at the
Anchor Wharf, in the dock-yard, and transported from thence
by triangulation to the Palace in Valetta. This, therefore,
is a matter upon which we must dwell a moment longer

and first, for the remarkable agreement between Gauttier
and myself, I am enabled by the kindness of the present
Admiralty authorities to cite a letter from the Commander- sir c. Pen- in-chief to their Lordships. This is dated from Malta,
18th June, 1816 :—
I found, in conversation with Captain Gauthier of the Chevrette, French
king's ship, that he had several scientific associates ; but that their plan was
not to go in search of and ascertain the various dangers in these seas (a K E 2
420 THE AEC RE-MEASURED.
Remark.
Lunar
eclipse.
point, however, of the utmost importance), but to fix, by means of five excellent watches, 110 different points, and borrow materials for the details. It is highly to the honour of Captain Smyth that the mean of the observations of those eight French astronomers (for Valetta) came within a second, and in other instances a small fraction, of those made by him unassisted. It should be remarked, that however gratifying this incident was, so close an accordance in the result can only
be viewed as accidental. But we had another opportunity
for finding that our modus operandi did not differ materially ; since a total eclipse of the moon occurring on the
9th of June, while the Chevrette was in the harbour, the
following were the comparisons thereby afforded :
Smyth.
(not noticed.)
1 51 397
(not observed.)
Disappearance of the white light . . Commencement of the true shadow, or ) disappearance of sun's fight . . . ) First appearance of the penumbra, or
partial reflected light End of the penumbra 2 End of the eclipse 3
Gauttier.
m. s 37
51
57-3
40-5 2 35 40-5 4958
42-1 50-4
41-5
48-6
Liitke.
Having reason to be satisfied with the position of
Valetta, it became, as I have said, my standard Mediter- ranean point : but attention had been so strongly called to
Piazzi's probable oversight, that it was desirable to re- measure the arc between Palermo and Malta. This was
Graves and accomplished, in 1846, both by Captain Graves, and the
well-known Russian Admiral Lutke, with very powerful means ; and an arc nearly 3
s shorter than mine was carried to the Observatory. But my published stations were
Palermo lighthouse, 13° 21' e56
7/
, and Valetta palace,
14° 30' 50" ; a matter to which Captain Graves paid great
attention, and produced an arc = 4m 34s,365 from the
light to Spencer's monument in the harbour of Valetta. This spot is 1750 yards distant from the palace flag-staff, on a bearing N. 27° 35' east, by compass ; which, corrected
for variation (13° 53' west, in 1846), places his station 427 yards (in time, l
s, 056) to the west of mine. The comparison, therefore, stands thus :

The new
arc.
1816.
1846. Smyth
Graves
3 chronometers
10 chronometers
4 35-6 4 35-421
DAUSSY'S INVESTIGATION. 421
Now the arcs for these important maritime positions Remark, being, as it were, identical, the question follows, shall the
longitude of the two places be shifted a mile or more to the east, in order to meet a quantity not given to me
by the excellent astronomer of Palermo ? Besides the
remarkable accordance of almost all my standard positions, the longitude of Alexandria, by various persons
and methods, may afford a further reason for not dis- turbing them. Having briefly alluded (page 416) to the sample of my operations with which Baron de Zach
was furnished, it will be eligible to show the use made of that communication by Mons. M. P. Daussy, at present m. Daussys
7- ^ examina- ckej oi a useful class as yet unknown to our navy

Inge- tion. nieurs Hydrographes. The extract* which follows is from
the additions to the Connaissance des Terns for 1832,
pages 60-3 ; the essay being under the title of Determinations des positions geographiques du Gaire, d"Alexandre, et de quelques autres points de la Mediterranee.
Les observations du Capitaine Smyth donnent encore un moyen de Extract determiner la longitude d'Alexandrie. Comme les differences qu'il a ob- from his tenues par ses chronometres sont rapporte'es dans la Correspondance Astro- essay* nornique de M. de Zach, nous pourrons les comparer a ce qu'a trouve" M.
Gauttier. En general, on ne saurait trop donner de details lorsque on
opere au moyen des chronometres ; car quoique ces instrumens pre'cieux donnent entre les mains de personnes habiles et soigneuses des resultats
tres exacts, comme ils ne donnent que des differences, que les erreurs par
consequent peuvent s'accumuler, et qu'une nouvelle determination change
ndcessairement tous les points environnans, il est essentiel de connaltre les points que Ton peut regarder comme servant de depart, et la maniere dont
ils sont rattache"s les uns aux autres.
II serait done important de rapporter toujours dans ces sortes d'operations, non seulement la longitude moyenne et la marche des montres, mais
encore l'etat de chacune d'elles sur les terns moyen du lieu, ce qui mettrait a merae de verifier les longitudes calcuiees et d' adopter le resultat qui paraitrait le plus probable. C'est ce qu'a fait en partie M. Smyth dans la Corre- spondance Astronomiqv£, et ce qui nous permet de combiner les differences
qu'il a obtenues avec notre determination de la longitude de Malte. En 1816, M. Smyth determina la difference de longitude entre Malte
* The passage in Baron de Zach's Correspondance Astronomique, thus
cited by Mons. Daussy, is but an abridgment of the paper which I forwarded ; and the Baron says {vol. vii., payc 548), 'Le Capit. Smyth donnc encore ici tout le type de calcul.'
422 DAUSSY'S INVESTIGATION.
M. Daussy's (^ l'obs^rvatoire du grand-maltre) et Tripoli (maison du consul Anglaia)
;
il obtint par une moyenne 5' 20 "'33, ce qui, rapporte au chateau du Pacha
par une petite operation trigonometrique, lui a donne pour ce point
5' 19"-50. En Septembre, 1821, il alia encore de Malte a Tripoli. II observa cette
fois sur un rocber de la rade, 45" de degre" a 1 est du chateau ; ses chrono- metres lui donnerent pour difference de longitude entre Malte et le rocher:
5' 16"'27 \ 5 15 -87 5 12 -47 I moyenne, 5' 16 "'05. 5 13 -87 5 18 -27 Enfin, la meme ann^e il de'termina encore la difference entre Malte (le lazaret) et le meme rocber de Tripoli ; il obtint par ses chronometres,
5' 8"-9 5 13 -5 5 19 '7 V moyenne, 5' 14"*30. 5 17 '4 I 5 12 -0 J Mais le lazaret de Malte est de l
,f, 73 de terns a, l'ouest de l'observatoire du grand-maitre ; les observations rapportees a ce point donneraient done pour difference avec le rocber de Tripoli 5' 16" # 03. Les observations de
1816, rapportees au meme point, donneraient pour sa difference avec Malte
5' 16" '50 : la moyenne entre ces trois resultats, qui different tres peu les uns des autres, est 5' 16"*19. En 1816, M. Gauttier avait aussi obtenu de son c6te la difference entre Malte et Tripoli (maison du consul de France) ; ses chronometres lui avaient donnee au bout de 27 jours, Lean08 23 ... 4' 59"'37
) 80 ... 5 11 '24 K, 1/|ri . QA 94 ... 5 20 -3i r m°yenne> 5 14 30- 2741 ... 5 26 -28 ) ou, en rapportant au meme rocher, 5' 10 "'5; ce qui differe de 5 "'69 d'avec
ce que M. Smyth a trouve ; mais il suffirait de negliger le resultat donne par
le numero 23, qui etait une montre de poche, pour s'en rapprocher beaucoup.
En effet, le milieu des trois autres serait 5' 19" # 28, ce qui, rapporte au
rocher, donnerait 5' 15 "'48 presque la mdme chose que ce que trouve M. Smyth. Comme il s'agit seulement ici des determinations de ce capitaine, nous adopterons sa difference de longitude. Etant ensuite alie de Tripoli a Bomba, M. Smyth trouva entre ces deux
points les differences suivantes:

moyenne, 39' 49 "-32.
Le lieu des observations, a Bomba, etait au fond du port. Enfin, en 1822, il trouva entre Bomba et Alexandrie (pointe Eunoste).
26' 42"-27
) 42 -43 I „, ia„ Kn 42 -56 [ m°yenne^ 26 42 ' 50 - * 42 76 J
DAUSSY'S INVESTIGATION. 423
Des operations trigonome'triques lui firent connaltre que la pointe Eunoste M. Daussy's
etait 1' 30" "0 de degre ou 6" # 00 de terns a l'ouest du phare; la difference essay, entre ce dernier point et Bomba serait done 26' 48" '50. Si nous reunissons ces differences, nous aurons

De Malte a Tripoli — 5' 16"-19 De Tripoli a Bomba + 39 49 '32 De Bomba a Alexandrie + 26 48 *50
l
h so* 168 -4
1 50 5 -2
1 50 22 -35
1 49 59 -68
1 50 6 -03
1 50 12 -24
1 50 10 -33
Done de Malte a Alexandrie lh
'l 21 '63 Longitude de Malte 48 44 '40 Done longitude dAlexandrie 1 '50 6 "03 En 1822, M. Smyth avait encore determine* la longitude de la pointe Eunoste de lh 59' 27"*84 a l'est de Greenwich, ou l
h 50' 6" '24 de Paris, ce qui donne pour le phare l
h 50' 12 "'24. II ne dit pas quel est son point de depart ; mais nous croyons que e'etait Malte, dont la longitude differe peu
de celle que nous avons adoptee ; nous emploierons done aussi cette deter- mination. Reunissant ces differens resultats, nous aurons pour la longitude du phare d'Alexandrie :

Par l'occultation d'Antares Par celle de y ^ observee a Larnaca et rap- portee a Alexandrie Par les chronometres de M. Gauttier, en allant Par les memes, au retour Par ceux de M. Smyth, par Tripoli ....
Par les memes, en 1822, par Malte ....
Moyenne . . Ou .... 27° 32' 35" -0 La Connaissance des Terns donne 27° 35' 0", etNouetdans son Memoire,
27° 35' 30" ; e'est done a peu pres 3' que nous trouvons a retrancher: nous
avons eu 4' 31" a retrancher de celle du Caire; on voit que la position
relative de ces deux points eprouve par Ik peu de changement ; en effet, la difference que nous trouvons entre eux est de 5' 25 "*6. Nouet avait eu par
ses chronometres 5' 31 "*7 ; mais on peut douter si ses observations n'etaient point susceptibles d'une erreur de six secondes. It is now time lo turn to the register of geographical on the table points, as contained in the following table; which has been
drawn up with careful attention, in order at once to econo- mize space, and secure perspicuity. They are, of course, classed according to their general boundaries; but the head- Divisions, ings of each series are placed rather with a view to broad
geographical feature, than political distinction—a method
adopted as offering a readier reference, than defining the
smaller states would have allowed. For example, all the
divisions and subdivisions between Nice and Spezzia (plim
424 CHOROGRAPHICAL ARRANGEMENT.
Divisions.
Order
Liguria), are quartered under the authorized designation
Piedmont—the domains of the sovranacci of Massa, Lucca
the recent Etruria, and Piombino, are embodied under the name Tuscany—the Papal States under that of Rome—and an abundance of principalities are merged together
under Albania, Greece, Tripoli, and Algeria. Theplaces thus ranged follow each other in chorographical
order along the coasts, passing where convenient or necessary
to islands and rocks, after which the coast is again continued.
In the course round the Mediterranean, the same order is observed as that of the preceding chapters of this work
entering at Gibraltar, proceeding by the shores of Spain,
France, and Italy to Greece; returning westward from
Alexandria aloug the coast of North Africa, to the Strait of
Gibraltar. But the Archipelago, Black Sea, and Levant,
being Captain Gauttier's contribution, are appended as a
separate series. All the latitudes, it will be observed, are
Longitudes, north ; and the longitudes, except where marked with a Won a portion of Spain, and the opposite coast of Morocco,
are always east of Greenwich. The heights of mountains
and buildings are in English feet, and from the sea-level (page 391). The magnetic variation is constantly west, andthe dip of the needle to south; or nadir. In the first columnwill be found the names of the places—and the particular
spots of those places—where the observations were taken,
or carried to by means of angles or bearings; and these are
Type ofthe printed in small capitals, Roman type, "or italics. The first show the stations where our opportunities were of the best
description, and the results entitled to the highest value on
the list: the second indicate that though mostly taken onshore, or connected geodetically, the operations were morehasty or less advantageous than the first ; while the third
resulted from bearings, secondary angles, patent log-runs,
and intersections, of a more hurried and less exact tenour. In other words, the three styles of printing the names,
exhibit the classification according to my conviction of the
Latitudes.
Heights.
Variation and dip.
ISOGOXIC CURVES. 425
relative degree of weight to be assigned to the points. With Remark, a labour more onerous than pleasing, these positions have
been entirely re-examined since the publication of the charts, some of which—to meet the demand—were hurried out,
during which process various small corrections occurred, and
several local errors were detected—principally as to identity
from sea-ward, where landing was then impracticable. On
the whole, though we would advise chronometer-ratings to be made only at the first class of these points, as standards,
it is hoped they will all be found in such accordance,
relatively, as to enable ships to shape a proper course,

thereby meeting all the ends and purposes of practical
navigation.
As the magnetic variation has been already spoken of Magnetic
{pages 384 & 5), it only remains to add, that these obser- vations are rather of relative than absolute value; and
though they cannot be forced into any very strict accord- ance with a set of isogonic curves which I drew up, they
are the results of a long series of experiments with the means at my command, to show the needle deviations at given epochs. Whenever, therefore, we shall be able to
ascertain, by direct measurement, the total magnetical force of the earth, then even these unpretending operations

however influenced by instrumental error and local affections —may become a chronological reference for its effects in the Mediterranean Sea.* I have also alluded (page 391) to the heights of mountains which we took as being merely Heights, approximative, although it is trusted that the majority of in- stances will be found very near the mark : but I had great
distrust of those taken by angle of depression to the horizon,
although perhaps they were near enough for the purpose of my
register. Still, as the horizon is a very difficult line in other The sea- cases where ultimate accuracy is demanded (see page 382),
honzon-
* It must not be forgotten, that terrestrial magnetism is subject to secular
\ aiiations.
426 DIP OF THE HORIZON.
I got Captain Graves to call at the island Al-Boran, whichfor such a purpose is an oceanic pivot, and there successively
^Boran
1
" ta,ke ^e dip at morning, noon, and evening, on the cardinal
points of the compass. This was accordingly done from its highest point, an elevation of about 68 feet, with a carefully
adjusted 5-inch theodolite; and the experiment being new,
the results are here given at full:

Telescope.
Experi- ment.
On the Notanda.
Bearing. Direct. N.
N.E.
E.
S.E.
S. s.w. w.
N.W.
N.
N.E.
E.
S.E.
S. S.W. w.
N.W.
N. N.E.
E.
S.E.
S. S.W. w.
N.W.
* Hazy.
Besides these geographical and physical conditions,
hydrography requires information as to the nature of the
various coasts, while navigation also demands a notice of the approach to those coasts, and the degree of capacity
of the several ports and anchorages. Having partially at- tempted to supply these desiderata for general purposes, in the following register, without impinging on the advice andduties of a detailed directory, a word is necessary as to theform I have adopted. This cannot be better expressed,
than by giving a passage from my address to the Royal.. 6' 00" .. ... 5 30 .. ... 4 30 .. ... 4 00 .. ... 4 30 .. ... 5 00 .. ... 5 30 .. ... 6 00 ..
... 4 30 . ... 5 00 . ... 4 30 .. ... 4 00 . ... 4 00 .. ... 5 00 .. ... 5 00 .. ... 4 30 ..
... 5 00 . ... 5 00 .. ... 5 30 . ... 6 00 . ... *5 00 .. ... *3 00 .. ... 4 00 ..
.. 4 00 ..
leversed. Mean. IV 00" . . 8' 30" 1 11 00 . . 8 15
11 00 . . 7 45 Observations taken 11 00 . . 7 30 at 7 A.M. 11 00 . . 7 45 " Thermometer, 78° 0. 11 30 . . 8 15 Barometer, 30 "12 in. 11 30 . . 8 30
11 30 . . 8 45 J 10 30 . . 7 30 1 11 00 . . 8 00
11 30 . 12 00 . 12 30 . 12 45 .
. 8 00
. 8 00
. 8 45
. 8 52-5
Noon.
- Thermometer, 82°. Batometer, 30'13in. 13 00 . .. 9 00
12 30 . .. 8 30
13 30 . .. 9 15 14 00 . .. 9 30
12 30 . 13 00 . 10 00 . 10 00 .
.. 9 00
.. 9 30
. 7 30
. 6 30
Sunset.
- Thermometer, 78". Barometer, 30 '\%'\n. 17 00 . . 10 30
13 00 . . 8 30
USE OF SYMBOLS. 427
Geographical Society (Journal, Vol. xx), on the 27th of May, 1850:—
But among the many publications of the year I must select one which, Use of though only a new edition, is entitled to a high place in your regard, because, symbols, on its being first launched, you discerned its merit, and awarded the Gold Medal as a mark of your approbation. I allude, Gentlemen, to the third
edition of that truly useful work, Lieut. Raper's Practice of Navigation Raper's and Nautical Astronomy ; a work in which the capacity, systematic method, Navi- and intelligence of the author are so strikingly evident. The book is greatly gation. augmented in matter since its original appearance, but, from the excellence
of its printing, it has not grown much in bulk ; and the additions are such as
to increase its utility. The most operose and remarkable feature of this
edition, however, is the 'Table of Geographical Positions,' discussed and
methodized upon a chronometric system, now consisting of no fewer than 8800 points, instead of the 2300 it first placed before us. From its bearing
not only, as usual, the latitudes and longitudes of places, but also the dimensions of islands, state of anchorages, peculiarities of lights and lighthouses, depths of shoals, and other necessary details, I may fearlessly pronounce it to be the most accurate and comprehensive representation of the present
state of maritime geography extant. To accomplish this, the author has
devised a series of very significant symbols, and applied them to the expression of many important matters ; indicating by their means watering-places, dangers, the character of the natives as friendly or hostile ; the presence or absence of trees or bushes—whether as a means of identification, or as marking places where firewood is to be found—and distinguishing more especially the cocos nucifera, which, on account of its conspicuous form, and its afford- ing both food and beverage, is an object of peculiar interest to the tropical navigator. By such symbols this table is made to contain, with scarcely any
increase of size, a vast quantity of varied information : while the signs themselves, being founded on obvious or natural considerations, are easily acquired and retained. The author, in justifying the introduction of a scheme which
a few years ago might have been considered a rash, if not a dangerous innovation, concludes his remarks by saying : —' The employment of symbols,
therefore, on a more extensive scale than we have yet been used to, and that
at no distant period, may be considered inevitable ; and the present system, which has occupied my attention for several years, is proposed as so far deserving consideration, that it is constructed with rigid adherence to
principles.' This is important to the ends of tangible geography, as well in the construction and arrangement of tables, as in every description of cartographic
composition. In a work of my own, which may one day be brought to light, „,. nresent
I shall assuredly adopt Lieut. Raper's symbols in tabulating the results of book, observations ; and I notice that Lieut. Maury, of the United States Navy,
has greatly extended the use of such signs in his important Wind-and-Current
Chart of the Atlantic Ocean. The imperative task in the question is, so to conventionalize the matter, that, as with music, the forcns may be read and
understood by people of all nations. In the present instance symbols only are spoken of, for ou abbrevi- I am not yet prepared to advocate the abbreviations of
428 USE OF SYMBOLS.
words beyond the usual practice,* as each language willnecessarily use its own method ; to the injury of the generalapplication so greatly desired. Herein, perhaps, antiquarian tendencies may influence me, having had occasion toon abbre- recollect how the army of sufferers in the cause of truthviations. was recruited by the uncial BM. of ancient tombs beingrendered Beatus Martyr, instead of Bonce Memoriae.Hadrian struck a large brass medal on the 874th birthday(natali urbis) of Rome, in the legend of which a P hasbeen disputed as meaning populus, plebii, publici, primus,or parilia; and even the well-known counter- mark on theearly Emperors' medals—N.C.A.P.R., has been rendered by^Eneas Vico Nobis concessa a Populo Romano.
Jobert Nota cusa a Populo Romano.
Others Nummus concessus a Populo Romano. While a satirist insists that it should be read

Non concessasir Edward a Populo Romano. In the same spirit Coke, the notedCoke manager of the Raleigh tragedy, in contempt of the conti- nental travellers of his day, said " S.P.Q.R. was sometimestaken for these words, Senatus Populus Que Romanus—the senate and people of Rome ; but now they may betruly expressed thus, Stultus Populus Qucerit Romam,afoolish people that runneth to Rome/'
To some readers it may seem travelling out of therecord to cite numismatics in a work like the present ; butthey may be assured that on the shores we have been treatMedals and ing of, an acquaintance with coins, medals, and marbles, is
marbles. ^^ imp
0r^an^ By the unequivocal aid of these handymonitors, often more trustworthy than written records, I have obtained a satisfactory clue both to dates and places
;
insomuch that I even proved, respecting the age of Rome{Descriptive Catalogue of Roman Large-brass Medals,page 267), the preference of the vulgar computation over* Thus, in the confined space allowed in tabulating matter, I place Var.
the usual abridgement of magnetic variation, though I would rather use a symbol : so, also, Int. is placed for magnetic intensity.
USE OF SYMBOLS. 429
the chronology of Sir Isaac Newton. The ancients were Ancient
use of well aware of the advantage of a systematic terminology in symbols, conveying accuracy of conception, and influencing the formation of ideas ; although their knowledge was not sufficiently
advanced, to particularize minutely and distinctly between
positive and relative positions. Their adoption of symbols was on a far more extensive scale of operation than that
which is here advocated ; for they not only used them to cover moral mysteries, but also as types, emblems, enigmas, and
hieroglyphics. These, it must be confessed, are sometimes
not a little paradoxical and perplexing, since those elders not only represented moral things by natural things, but
even natural by natural. Winged horses, sphynxes, humanheaded oxen, and 'chimeras dire' were certainly fanciful enough ; but the thunder-bolt for power—eagle and globe
for sovereignty—laurel for victory—palm-tree for Judaea

wheat-ear for Metapontum—crab for Agrigentum—hare
for Messana—cray-fish for Catana—bull for Tauromenium —horse for Carthage —goat for Thrace —silphium for Cyrene—labyrinth for Cnossus—tortoise for Egina, &c. &c,
are sufficiently simple and obvious.* In treating upon this subject elsewhere, I stated that the epithets of symbol and
device are often used indifferently, although the former
strictly signifies a practical or figured metaphor, and the
latter an allegory: the one simple, the other complex.
Hence it is obvious, that figures on coins and medals are
arbitrary devices, and hieroglyphics are absolute symbols,
or significative.
Symbols, however, which are unsusceptible of equivo- simple
cation, and capable of being universally understood, should
sym ° be encouraged by those who desire accurate perception with
* The reader may here be reminded, that A dmiral Neptune, as Newton
styled him, presided over the Mediterranean, as Oceanus did over the cir- cumambient sea, or waters supposed to surround the whole earth : he was
symbolized with the trident as a sceptre, a dolphin or aplustre on his hand, and his foot on the prow of a ship. (See the vignette on the title-page.

430 USE OF SYMBOLS,
and but economy of time: and in hydrography it were a trulyon.6 k6V desirable consummation, that they should require but onekey for the common use of seamen of all nations. True tothis spirit in arranging the following table, though wishingalso to have introduced a mark for the compass-variation,another for the dip of the needle, and others to denoteplaces which fish frequent, and where fresh water, provisions,
and refreshments are obtainable, I would not introduce oneLieutenant except through the hands of Lieutenant Raper ; so that this department must await some future edition of his standardwork. The following are those selected for my register,
from the Practice of Navigation, and it is hoped theywill be found plain, easy, and efficient :

Symbols $ {Anchor) Anchorage for large vessels ; $' good ditto ; $, bad ditto
;
adopted. $ no ditto. X Anchorage for smaller vessels ; 1' good ditto ; £, bad ditto. ES Harbour for large vessels, or having always three fathoms water. H Harbour for smaller vessels, or having at times less than three fathoms.
/v- (Birds) As birds frequent some places in preference to others, they
may afford a means of indication.
I (Boat-hook) Landing ; l no landing.
(3 Break or breakers ; /3/3 breakers at times.
! (Note of admiration, surprise) Denotes caution, or calls attention.
|| Channel, or passage. Mouth of a river. d Danger, dangerous ; dQ no danger, safe,
'f (Palm-tree) Here the date-palm.
_^ Bising gradually. s^ Bising in the middle.
i, ^ Saddle-shaped. A valley. ^_ Sloping downwards.
7- Sloping bottom, or change of soundings gradual, may be approached with safety by attention to the lead. 1 Steep or precipitous. Note.—This is quite independent of high. Aheadland may be low, yet precipitous. j Steep to, or bold to. ¥ (Tree) Trees ; ¥ well wooded.
*• (A tree without a trunk) Brushwood.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 431
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Spain. Q 1 II O 1 II San Lucar, tower 36 43 10 6 24 2w || River Guadalquiver. E. j. Rota, mole-head 36 36 40 6 20 lOw Var. 22° 30' in 1810. Approach 6, /3/3 . Cadiz, S. Sebastian's light 36 31 51 6 18 lOw Height 151. Rise of tide 9£ feet. H.
Chiclana, S. Ana church... 36 25 10 6 9 50w 510 feet. Hill _^_. %
Sancti Petri castle 36 22 45 6 13 Ow || . High water l
h 35m. 8. (3. ^.
Cape Trafalgar, turret . .
.
36 10 10 6 56w d at approach, but the cape 1. Tarifa, lighthouse 36 15 5 36 39w j. South point of Europe. Palomas rock, centre 36 3 35 5 25 24w ! for Pearl reef. d. [. AIgeciras, the pier 36 8 5 5 26 16w || . S. $ in road. Mostly d. !. Gibraltar, signal-station . .
.
36 7 46 5 20 19w Height 1255. O'Hara's tower, 1408. Gibraltar, arsenal mole. .
.
36 7 17 5 20 49w High water h 40m. Rise & fall 4£ ft. m.
Gibraltar, Europa point . .
.
36 6 16 5 20 9w Var.21°37';Dip61°8';Int.232(1824). Al Kore'in rock 36 19 12 5 13 16w Close to the shore, and small. /•*-. Estepona, Marmoles point 36 25 17 5 7 25w _^ to Sierra de Bermeja. If. t. Frangerola, castle 36 32 51 4 37 lw On a small hill. E). $. *. Malaga, lighthouse 36 42 48 4 26 12w Height 125. Var. 21° 5' (1811). GS. fc Yelez Malaga, Torre del Mar 36 46 44 4 7 25w 11. $, except in sea-winds. *.
Castel de Ferro, sanidad... 36 42 19 3 21 31w $, but !. _^. to Ugija range, 2700. Torre Belerma 36 42 40 2 54 Ow $, but j, and !. Almeria, torre del Tiro . . In the cove X ; in the bay t.
.
36 50 50 2 31 7w
Capo de Gata, fort 36 42 59 2 11 56w 1. Var. 20° 42' in 1813. rr. Port Geneve's, fort 36 44 15 2 7 18w $, but ! currents and flaws. Cresta de Gallo 36 47 5 3 Ow S.E. of Ronda, 5950. Summit ^ ^. San Pedro, castle. 36 53 21 1 59 58w [X], the best of these coves. Sierra de Gador 36 56 2 56 Ow 7100; S.E. end of Apuljarras range. Carbonera islet 36 58 22 1 55 24w $. Var. 20° 43' in 1813. •*. ^-. Cerro de Mula-hacen 37 8 3 28 Ow 11,370. Peak of Sierra Nevada. Mount Filabres 37 12 2 23 Ow 1 ROO TPP't', A ttijiqq 0"P xn/hi+p ms»"rKlp Aguilas, Fort S. Juan 37 23 33 1 36 49w
l.\J\J\j JCvt. -Ti. Illcloo \JL WllltC lllti'llJlC, 1' and t. Var. 20° 43' in 1813. Cartagena, fort Gateras . .
.
37 35 28 58 17w Height 655. j. S . *. Cartagena, mole-light ... 37 35 58 57 42w fg. Mag. var. 20° 44' in 1812. Mount Roldan 37 6 1 2 Ow 1851 feet. This is of Murcia.
(3p off Hormigas. Var. 20° 34' (1813). Cape Palos, turret 37 37 18 37 40w
Cape Cervera, turret 38 1 37 58w t, open to sea-winds. Lugar nueva, fort 38 12 7 31 54w II Elche, f. t in Tamarit road. Plana I. Tabarca bastion ..
.
38 10 15 27 31w Low and flat, but 1. /*-. Alicant, mole-light 38 20 30 27 18w 95 ft. V. M. Tosal 230. Castle-hill 550. Benidorme isle 38 30 5 5 llw Var. 20° 30' (1813). V, but exposed. ^. M. Roldan, the gap 38 36 11 Ow The ' cuchillada,' or gash. Point Ifac, or Calpe 38 37 18 4 10 f over Altea bay, but ! . _^.
Cape S. A ntonio, hermitage 38 48 31 10 58 High, level, and 1. Off Xavia, t. Denia, castle 38 50 50 7 34 C2 between the banks. Outside t. Cullera, sanidad 39 10 48 14 38

II lucar. Admits barks over tbc bar.
432 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notauda.
Spain. o / ri o / n Cape Cullera, tower 39 12 5 13 Ow 174 feet. _^. T. nr. Valencia, cathedral 39 28 35 22 lOw Var.20°35'; Dip 63°36'; Int. 236(1813).Valencia, Grrao light 39 28 47 18 58w 45 feet. || Turia. 1. Outside tt but!. Mount Espadan 39 54 24 Ow Marli for the coast. Cape Oropesa, outer tower 40 6 12 9 55 _•:. 7", shoal under it. Peniscola, fort 40 22 53 25 1. 1. except with sea-winds, $'. Mount Pefia de Bel 40 36 2 4000. Mark for approach from S.E.Vinaroz steeple 40 29 10 27 57 $ in off-shore winds. Monsia, east summit 40 37 31 880, ^ inland to 2500.
Alfaques, San Carlos mole 40 37 46 35 30 S. Var. 21° 0' in 1813. <*. ^. Buda 1, or Cape Tortosa... 40 43 10 54 7 II Ebro. !. Station, Gola del N. [. Port Fangal, point Fango 40 47 40 47 47 ED. In the bay $. *•. *-. Tortosa, castle 40 49 32 50 Ebro ED for vessels of 50 tons. Salou, mole-head 41 5 28 1 7 12 $'. Var. 20° 37' in 1813. Tarragona, cathedral 41 6 57 1 16 10 410 feet. a. In the roads, $'. Montazut summit 41 24 1 25 3200. Mark for the coast. Castel Fells, sanidad 41 16 30 1 57 58 _=; 230. $' with !. 107 feet. || river Llobregat. !. *-. 680. Var. 20° 45' in 1813. Torre del Bio 41 19 12 2 9 45
Barcelona, Monjui fortress 41 21 35 2 10 13 Bakcelona, mole-light ... 41 22 30 2 11 20 80 feet. H. Outside P.
Mon-serrat, centre 41 36 1 48 4200. Excellent sea-mark. Mataro, eastern fort 41 32 47 2 27 33 210 feet. Inside reef 1', outside $. Point Toldera, or Tordara 41 37 45 2 48 || the Toldera. Var. 20° 40' (1812).Blanes, fort Santa Ana . .
.
41 40 2 49 47 $ in land winds, here and Lloret. j.Tosa, church at cove 41 42 36 2 57 35 $', with ! 8 . /-. Inland f.
$!, except in S.E. winds. *. E. *, with !. Var. 20° 37' (1813).
1, but ! the Hormigas. [.
S. Feliu de Guixols 41 46 13 3 10
Palamos, mole-head 41 50 57 3 6 25 Cape S. Sebastian 41 53 10 3 12 14 Medas isles, fort 42 3 40 3 13 15 || river Ter. Var. 20° -40' (1813). dQ. Ampurias (Emporias) 42 9 3 3 20 Old castle of the Ampurdan.
Bosas, fort Trinidad 42 16 12 3 10 25 315 feet. T & 1. *'. fl with !. Cadaque"s, church 42 17 10 3 16 48 EE. _^: to M. (Fingers) of Cadaque"s.Cape Creux, Masa de Oro I. 42 19 12 3 20 45 1. £ with !. [. ^r. Santa Cruz delta Selva 42 18 3 12 25 T & 1. m. $. Var. 20° 35' (1813). Cape Cervera, Carox tower 42 26 16 3 10 45 j & 1. Boundary of Spain & France.Spanish Islands.
Columbretes I. M. Colibre 39 53 58 44 27 m. <b. Var. 17° 41' in 1823. <b. ^.Columbretes I. Ship rock... 39 51 20 43 32 J & 1. $Q With !. rr. Formentera, I. P. Codolar 38 38 30 1 36 10 1. £ but I % ^.
Formentera, I. P. Aguila 38 38 15 1 23 The pitch. T & 1. %
Espardel isle, cove 38 48 5 1 29 25 *. With !, da
. Iviza, Cape Falcone 38 50 20 1 24 j. j". ^. *>. [.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 433Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Spanish Islands. O / II O I
\\ Iviza, the citadel 38 54
38 59 10
1 27 8
1 36 m. Var. 20° 15' in 1813.
Iriza, S. Eulalia rock 1, but ! the reef. [. Iviza, Togomago I. 39 2 56 1 38 40 j & 1. d with !. [,. Iviza, Point Denserra 39 8 5 1 31 55 1, moderate height. $ . It. Iviza, Port S. Antonio ... 38 59 1 20 10 Watering place, ffl. ¥.
Iviza, Bedra islet 38 52 24
39 5
1 12 18
2 53 15 100 feet. Var. 20° 30' in 1813.
Pitch. T & 1. Cabrera, P. Anciola to- *• <*-• Cabrera, castle 39 6 57 2 54 36 m. %. Var. 19° 58' in 1813. Foradada islet 39 10 39 13 30
2 57- 28
3 3 25 The pierced rock. d with !. [. Majorca, Cape Salinas . . The pitch. _^ to Torre Gorta. %
.
Majorca, Port Colon 39 22 3 15 58 X'. _^ to M. Salvador. Majorca, Cape Pera 39 40 36 3 30 The tower, j & 1. dQ
. Majorca, Aleudia church . .
.
39 49 40 3 8 57 In the bay $'. j-. Majorca, Cape Pinar 39-;51 30 3 15 The pitch. 1. f. [
. Majorca, Pollenza castle ... 39 53 10 3 8 28 m but ! winds. Var. 19° 50' (1813). Majorca, C. Formenton ... 39 56 48 3 15 10 Long hummocky tongue. 1. S . Majorca, M. Torellas 39 48 2 48 50 The Silla or Saddle s! ». 5200 feet. Majorca, Port Poller 39 47 58 2 43 The landing place. Xy
. Majorca, Dragonera isle ... 39 36 10 2 17 35 Upper tower light, 1180. j & 1. Majorca, cape Llamp 39 32 2 23 20 j & 1. ^toM. Galatzo. *. ^. Majorca, Palma mole . .
.
39 34 5 2 38 45 Light 37 ft. Var. 19° 54' (1812). H. V.
Majorca, cape Blanco 39 20 32 2 47 7, 1, and _^ inland. t . Minorca, cape Dartuch ... 39 54 50 3 51 22 Low and flat, but 1. [. Minorca, Ciudadela 39 59 15 3 52 30 Octangular spire. [3J and t. Minorca, cape Bajoli 40 25 3 48 12 j & -L. _*; to Torre del Raam.
Minorca, Cala Caldera ... 40 3 5 4 2 *,. _^to S. Agata. Var. 19° 38' (1811). Minorca, C. Cabaleria ... 40 5 4 6 58 1. _^: inland. $ . Minorca, Port Fornelles . .
.
40 3 25 4 8 51 The fort. m. Sa with !'. *c
. Minorca, Mount Toro 39 58 36 4 8 30 (El Tor) convent 1220. ^ . Sea-mark. Minorca, Colon isle 39 58 7 4 18 20 1 from seaward. Var. 19° 35' (1812). ^.
Minorca, cape Mola 39 52 45 4 21 36 Atalaia. j, 1. S . [ . ¥ . Minorca, Port Mahon... 39 52 57 4 19 53 Quarantine isle. Var. 19°30' (1811). ffl. Minorca, Port Mahon 39 53 30 4 18 32 Arsenal sheers. Var. 19° 36' (1813). ffl. Minorca, Ayre isle 39 48 30 4 18 25 1 outside. d with ! in ||. *-. Min area, A laior tower 39 52 10 4 9 42 j & 1. $' in north winds. ¥. France.
Cape Beam, light 42 30 48 3 8 48 752 feet. _^ to the Pyrenees. 1. Port Vendres, light 42 31 2 3 7 32 98 ft. S. ^to fort 8. Elmo, on ^. Callioure, isht St. Vincent 42 31 20 3 5 40 X but ! east winds. _^ to fort S. Elmo. Mmi a' Canigou 42 30 2 30 9300 feet. ^ . A sea-mark.
Canet, 8. Marie tower 42 42 4 3 50 || ofTet. t in land winds, j with !. /3/3 . Perpignan, steeple 42 41 45 2 54 Rise to town 67 ft., to M. Forceral 1650. F F
434 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. France.
Leucate, fort les Mattes . .
.
Grau de Sigean, light Serignan, douane
Fort Brescou, light Mount Agde, light
Cette, Mount S. Clair
Cette, niole-light Frontignan, steeple Montpellier, steeple Aigues-mortes, light Grau d' Organ, fort Rhone Delta, la Camargue Rhone Delta, S. Louis tower Rhone Delta, Tanpan douane
Port de Bouc, light Cape Couronne, pitch Carre, VEstes rock P. Mourrepiane, fort Marseilles, fanal S. Jean
Marseilles, upper castle ... Daume I., fort Tourville... Chateau d'lf, tower Ratoneau I., castle Pomegue I., tour S. Jean... Planier isle, light Tiboulen isle, centre M. S. Michel, semaphore... Riou isle, tower La Cassidaigne rock
Cassis, lighthouse Bee de VAigle, cape
Ciotat, Bureau de Pratique P. Grenier, or Carboniere M. Pilon de Beaivme Bandol isle, centre
I. des Embiez, fort Cape Sicie, semaphore
Cape Sepet, pyramid
Toulon, la Grosse-tour . .
.
Chateau de Giens Hy&res bay, fort Gapeau . .
.
Hyeres bay, fort Bregancon
Porquerolles I., light
42 53 58
43 55
43 15 30
43 15 44
43 17 56
43 24
43 23 55
43 27
43 37 10
43 32 27
43 26 30
43 20 35
43 22 55
43 21 37
43 24
43 19 20
43 19 30
43 21 10
43 17 42 43 16 58
43 16 10
43 16 45 43 17
43 16 25
43 11 55 43 12 53
43 13 28 43 10 34
43 8 37
43 12 49 43 9 55
43 10 20
43 9 40
43 20
7 36
4 34
3 12
4 32
6 6 2 18
6 28
5 25
Longitude.
43
434343
4343
43
4342 59 15
3 2 46
3 3 55
3 17 18
3 29
3 28 10
3 40
3 41 35
3 44 30
3 52
4 8 10
4 24 22
4 41
4 47 48
4 50 27
4 58 56
5 3 30
5 9 33
5 19 54
5 21 40
5 22 7 5 20 45
5 19 50
18 57
18 40 14 17
19 50
22 25
22 55
32 26
31 55
5 36 36
5 36 40
41 10 46 30
45 10 46 45 50 55
56 57
56 8
6 7 30
6 11 39
6 19 13
6 11 55
Notanda.
1. j. In Franqui £'. _^ 125 feet. 33 feet. || port Nouvelle of Narbonne.|| of Orbe, GS. _^ to Beziers, 380 ft. ^.30ft. T with !. j3j3 . Var.20°10' (1813).415 feet. Useful sea-mark. 620 ft. Mark for the Etang de Thau.88 feet. || of the Etang. IB. $ byj.Seen over etangs and drowned lands.120 ft. Mark for Grau de Maguelonne.70 feet. || Grau du Roi. ffl. * r-
|| Petit Rhone, j. %
130f. || Vieux Rhone, in drowned Ids. ^.|| Rhone. Var. 19° 51' in 1812. ^-.S'inGulfofFoz. M. Opica 1630, seentoN.98 feet. || Etang de Berre. E. $'.j & 1, but ! for Regas and Muet.¥.S with ! 1. % _^to M. Tabouret, 490._^ Moulin du Diable 680, Pilon du Koi 2360.32f. H. Eoad*;
. Var.l^O'jDipesnO' (1820).Notre Dame de la Garde, 526 feet.
! shoals in d'lf ||. $ Daume road. 150 feet, j & 1. ! the above shoals.293 feet. 1. £ with !. 282 feet. 1. da
. 131 ft. ! /3j3 . Var. 19° 46' (1820). ^.j & -L. £ in Cape Croisette ||. (Collet du Rose) 1340f.Grardalaban 2270.j & 1 to seaward. 510 feet. A wash at times, but 1 around. E. Var. 19° 20' in 1815.
! for 8 in isle Verte ||. _^ 410. ¥. ES. *. Mole light 40 ft. The new394.1, but ! the tunny nets. 3200 feet. A sea-mark. 1 outside, in || d. Inside $. In the || sd. t . rr. 1200 feet. T & 1, with S. [. j & 1, ! for Rascas rock. ^. ffl.Var.20° (1815) .M.Faronl700,Coudon2150.|| of La Petite Passe 1, d .
|| the Gapeau. $' by j. T &1. || for boats. Var. 19° 45' (1812).262 feet. T & 1. 8 . [
.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 435Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda. France. O / II o / » Port-Cros I., fort Man ... 43 32 6 24 58 ES. j & *» but ! in Titan II- -^ 650. Pt.-Cros I., La Gabiniere rk. 42 59 6 23 42 1. || for boats. *-. Levant I., Phare du Titan 43 2 46 6 30 35 246 feet. 1, d with !. <b. Esquillade rock, turret 43 2 18 6 32 5 1. S . Var. 19° 50' in 1812. ^.
Cape Cavalaire, redoubt ... 43 9 42 6 32 12 j & 1. In road $'. _^ 1100. Cape TaMat, islet 43 9 53 6 39 50 1 except close in. CapeLardier, Camarat light 43 12 14 6 41 30 427 feet. At base /3/3 . [. Cape S. Tropez, islet 43 16 32 6 43 16 S. ! among the shoals.
S. Tropez, maison de Pratique 43 16 38 6 39 EL In Grimaud bay, $'. Frejus, ancient amphitheatre 43 26 5 6 44 15 98 feet above the sea. Frejus, S. Rapheau 43 25 15 6 46 22 EL V. Var. 19° 43' in 1815. Agay, the castle 43 25 45
43 27 30
6 52 25
6 54 30
$, but ! shoals of Isle O, & la Boute. Cape Roux, summit 1500. f (Foret d'Esterelles). Napoule, maison de Pratique 43 31 20 6 56 30 t, but with !. Cannes, fort S. Pierre 43 32 48 7 32 EL * with !. Var. 19° 20' (1823). Lerins Is., Ste. Marguerite 43 31 20 7 2 35 Fort Monterey. || for small vessels. Lerins Is., St. Honorat . .
.
43 30 19 7 2 40 The abbaie. 8 to south. !. ¥. <-*-. Gourjeau, or Iouan 43 33 56 7 4 30 Maison de Pratique. $', but enter !. Garouppe lighthouse 43 33 50 7 7 54 340 feet. 1 under, but !. Antibes, mole light 43 35 5 7 7 38 50 feet. EL Var. 19° 30' (1823).
Ville-neuve, castle 43 39 35 7 8 A mark on the hills. S. Laurent du Var 43 40 40 7 11 15 Boundary of France and Piedmont. Piedmont.
Grenaglia point 43 39 30 7 12 12 || river Var. j. ¥. r-r. Nice, port Limpia sanita\.. 43 41 16 7 17 12 EL _^ to M. Mignons, mark from S. W.
Villa Franca, arsenal flag 43 41 25 7 18 35 Arsenal El. Harbour EE. Villa Franca,fortMontalban 43 41 38 7 18 13 Var. 19°; Dip 64° 10'; Int. 245 (1823). Villa Franca, lighthouse . .
.
43 40 2 7 19 27 On point Mala, 225 feet. Belluogo (Beaulieu), mole... 43 41 44 7 20 5 $ in shore winds. _^ M. Leuza, 1690. Point St. Laurent 43 42 24 7 23 25 T, but ! a shoal. ^ to Eza, 1840. fe
. Turbia, ancient trophy 43 43 49 7 25 41 Sea-mark, 1650. * . Monaco, castle flag 43 42 50 7 26 55 T & 1. *. ^ to M. Nagel (table-hill). Cape S. Martin, battery . .
.
43 43 20 7 32 10 1. _^ to Col de Braus, 3800.
Ventimiglia, dogana 43 45 42 7 38 || the Roya. tr ^ Col de Tende 5900. San Remo, mole 43 49 10 7 50 28 $ in Id. winds, f .Var.l9°19',Dip 64°14'(1824). Monte Grande, summit ... 43 51 7 37 3100 feet. With M. Cougarde, a mark. Cape dell' A rmi 43 49 52 7 53 || of Taglia. j. 8 . ^ to the Cornice. Port Maurizio, convent . .
.
43 53 22 7 58 46 lr Road t. Var. 19° 40' in 1820. Cape delle Mele 43 57 58 8 11 1. S . _^: to Maritime Alps.
( Jallinara islet, tower 44 2 6 8 13 5 T. & 1. S . in ||. Var. 19° 30' (1820). Monte Cairo, summit 44 10 i) 8 9 30 2900. m. tfelogno 3460. Marks (or coast. Finale, battery 44 9 r><\ 8 19 3 t with land winds. Var. 19° 20' (1820). F F 2
436 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Piedmont. O / II O / II Noli, convent S. Francis... 44 11 54 8 22 42 $ with land winds. Var. 18° 40' (1824).
Bersezzi islet, ruins 44 14 8 24 50 || for boats. Cape _^ toMt.Invincibile.Vado, fort S. Lorenzo 44 15 27 8 24 32 $'. Mag. Var. 18° 32' in 1824. Savona, citadel 44 18 25 8 27 52 El. Var. 19° 15' (1820). _^ Col d'Altare 1600.Cape Arenzano, pitch 44 24 12 8 39 15 y. & -L. d . Inside || of the Pizzo. Rock Polla, centre 44 25 8 46 14 8 in || to Castellazza. Genoa, lighthouse 44 24 36 8 53 5 370. m. Var.l9°15',Dip63°40'(1818).Genoa, fort Diamante 44 28 48 8 55 12 _^: to Bocchetto pass, 2700.
Nervi, the palace 44 23 39 9 2 18 S in approach. $ . Porto Fino, the fort 44 18 15 9 14 4 H. Var. 18° 54', Dip 64° 7' (1820).
Sestri a Levante, fort 44 16 23 9 25 26 $' in land winds. Manara pnt. j & 1. S. Levanto, landing pi ace ... 44 10 55 9 38 17 Mag. Var. 15° 45' (?) in 1820. Mount Castellana 44 4 9 50 30 The summit, 1610 feet. Porto Venere, S. Pietro . .
.
44 3 10 9 51 50 Eastern side EE. $•. <b. Tino islet, lighthouse 44 1 58 9 52 31 384 feet. T & 1. S . La Scola, fort 44 3 20 9 52 56 1. d in || to Palmaria. Spezia, fort Pezzino 44 4 37 9 52 12 High water l h 38m. Rise & fall l|ft. H).Spezia, city castle 44 6 25 9 51 23 Var. 18° 10'. Dip 63° 35'. Int. 237 (1820). 33.Spezia, Lerici castle 44 4 32 44 2 54
9 54 42
9 58 10 V. Var. 17° 59' in 1823. *. Santa Croce, sanitd || the Magra. Porto di Luni [I].
Tuscany.
LaMarinella, ruins ofLuni 44 3 16 9 59 18 Confines of Piedmont and Tuscany. r<- L'Avenza, landing place ..
.
44 2 15 10 3 30 $' with !. || Carrara river. _^ M. Sagro.San Giuseppe, tower 44 38 10 7 8 j. || river to Massa. . %
Port Cinquale 43 58 35 10 9 4 y. _^ to Monte Altissimo, 5200. Motrona, church 43 55 30 10 13 27 $' in easterly winds. ¥. List. M.Cimone 6400.Viareggio, sanita* 43 51 51 10 15 19 $'. Var. 18° 30'; Dip 63° 5', in 1823. %Serchio toiver 43 46 48 10 16 30
Pisa, campanile 43 43 30 10 24 ' Leaning Tower/with grd. 255f. Acoast mark.Arno fort, flagstaff 43 40 50 10 16 40 || river Arno. E. /3 on bar. Leghorn, Marzocco toioer... 43 34 15 10 18 7 Mag. Var. 18° 37' in 1823. Leghokn, lighthouse 43 32 50 10 17 45 154 feet. Var. 17° 58' in 1820. Leghorn, Melora beacon ... 43 32 56 10 13 32 On the head of Melora bank. Calafuria tower 43 28 50 10 20 1. _^: to Monte Negro. ¥.
Castiglioncello toiver 43 24 30 10 24 5 £ in 7". Cove for boats. *. 43 21 7 10 27 20 $ in || to the reef. %
Mai di Vetro reef. 43 20 10 20 48 7-. j8/3 . !. Submerged ruins (?). Cecina, palace 43 18 6 10 29 30 || river Cecina. ¥.
Castagneto fort 43 10 15 10 32 30 $ in land winds. _^;. ¥. Torre S. Vincenzo 43 6 10 32 18 _^ hills of Calvi and CampigHa.
Port Baratto, Populonia... 42 59 30 10 30 10 £', except in N.W. winds. Piombino, palace 42 55 32 10 31 40 390 feet. Var. 18° 0' in 1823.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 437Place. Tuscany.
Fullonica, dogana
Troja islet, tower
Castiglione della Pescaja... La Tro.ppola fort Cala di Forno
Port Talainone, sanita Talamonaccio tower
Orhitello, landing-place ... Santa Liberata tower Port Santo Stefano, mole Mount Argentaro, telegraph Port Ercole, fort Stella ... Tagliata tower Formica di Burano
Lake Burano, E. Graticciaja Tuscan Islands. Gorgona isle, Torre Vecchia Capraja isle, castle Elba I. Port Ferrajo Elba I. Cape Vita
Elba, Longona citadel flag Elba,M. Calamita{Loadstn.)
Elba, Campo tower Elba, M. Capxinne
Palmajola I. fort light Cerboli I., ruin
Pianosa I., Turco rock . .
.
Africa rock, centre Monte Christo, summit ruins
Formiclte di Grosseto,N.rck.
Giglio, town spire Giannuti, Spalmatoja bay
Corsica. Giraglia I., redoubt Cape Minervio, pitch San Fiorenzo, citadel Punta Peralto, pitch Isola Iiossa, islet battery . .
.
Calvi, the citadel Calvi, Rivellata light Gargana (Gargalo) I. turret
Latitude. Longitude.
o , n O / II 42 55 20 10 44 50
42 48 3 10 43 10
42 45 57 10 52 52
42 41 11 2 20
42 36 57 11 5 24
42 33 20 11 8 19 42 33 14 11 9 56
42 26 38 11 12 38 42 26 30 11 8 59 42 25 56 11 7 57
42 23 45 11 10 28
42 23 34 11 12 42 24 50 11 17 36
42 23 11 19 10
42 22 57 11 27 30
43 25 45 9 53
43 2 36 9 50 49
42 49 5 10 20 30
42 52 40 10 24 58
42 46 12 10 24 22
42 44 10 24 30
42 44 55 10 14 35
42 .46 30 10 10
42 52 2 10 28 40
42 51 44 10 33
42 32 40 10 9 14 42 21 40 10 8 5 42 19 14 10 20
42 34 45 10 53 5 42 22 3 10 55 10
42 14 5Q 11 7
43 1 45 9 24 10 42 54 5 9 19 42 41 10 9 17 56
42 44 15 9 13 12 42 38 43 8 55 55 42 34 8 45 42 35 8 43 12
42 22 6 8 32
Notanda.
$' off Portiglione. f. _k to 550. T&l. || requires !. _^:toM. Maus, 980,
|| toLake, & river Bruna. Var.l8°18' (1823) . f.
|| river Ombrone. ¥. 1 in the cove. *. H. t. Var. 16° 57' in 1823.
|| river Osa. y. #-. In middle of a lake. ^-. Above ruins of Doniitian's port. E. *'. Var. 17° 28' in 1823. 1750 feet. 8 on coast below.
ffl. * but !. Var. 16° 55' in 1823. Ruins of Ansedonia. j. *-. 1 around. dQ in ||. *~.
|| Chiarone. Boundary of Tuscany.
j &-1. X in cove. Summit 1200 ft. T &1. Var. 18° 53' in 1818. Port Stella light 192 feet. m.
Var. 19°, Dip 62° 40', in 1823. Focardo light 105. ffi. Var.l9°5' (1823). 1195 ft. Var. 19° 30', Dip 64° 10' (1823).
SI. Further out $. *. 2700 feet. Mark for the ||s. i 344 feet. Var. 19° 10' in 1823. 1 on all sides. da
. 1. $ off the boat coves. •*-. 6 ft. Var. 19° 20' (1823). ! shoal 24' N.
1900 feet. T & 1. dQ
. *. N. rock 32 feet, S. one 13. £ with !.
_-*; M. Pagana, 1317. Port SI. Campese bay $. T &1. *. Var. 18° 5' in 1823. *.
250 ft. M. Campana (opposite) 576. t. T&l. $<>• •' kinc* squalls. ¥.
|| of Lomio. *. Var. 18° 21' (1815).
1. _^r to peak of Sierra Lortella. $ with !. Var. 18° 30' (1815).
S3, t. _^ to Paglia-orba, 8700 feet. 290 feet. _^: inland to Capo Tondo.
±. Boat || to Gardiolo. ^r.
438 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
COKSICA. o / ri O / II Cape Rosso, pitch 42 14 12 8 32 30 J- to Sbiro rock. *•. M. Rotondo, Admiral''s nose 42 12 9 4 8900 feet. Excellent sea-mark. Sagona, white tower 42 6 50 8 41 E2&$. _^: inland to Monte Bicco. %Sanguinario I. light tower 41 52 45 8 35 35 320. Mostly I, but ! Tabernacolo rock.Ajaccio, citadel flag 41 Kfi in 8 44 30 ffi. Var. 18° 25', Dip 62° 5' in 1815.Cape Mtdo (Muro) 41 45 8 39 20 Pitch of the Sierra Kutefa. *. Campo Moro, redoubt 41 38 12 8 48 15 ffi. $' by j- in gulf of Valinco. Point Senetoza, tower 41 33 50 8 47 23 j & 1. _^ inland. Monachi rocks, highest 41 27 10 8 54 30 40 feet. 8 in the ||s. /3. !. *.
Porto Figari, landing place 41 28 30 9 4 || river Canale. ^l inland. ¥. Cape Fieno, or Feno 41 23 40 9 6 20 The pitch of Monte Trinity, j. Bonifacio, middle tower 41 23 14 9 10 m. Var. 18° 5', Dip 61° 39' in 1815.Cape Pertusato, light 41 22 10 9 11 30 325 feet. T & 1. Lavezzi I. Arrini cove 41 20 30 9 15 44 JL. 1, but ! for reef 1^' south. Cavallo I. Levant cove . .
.
41 22 5 9 16 32 || to Piana I. and main, d. (3. !. *-.Perduto islet, centre
.
41 22 18 9 19 1, except reef to S.E., with /3. Porraja rock, summit 41 23 40 9 16 22 8 in ||, but practicable. j3j3 . Santa Manza, Capicciolo T. 41 25 5 9 15 50 IS, but ! for north-easters. Toro rocks, the highest 41 30 20 9 23 1, except on the east. d in ||. Porto Vecchio, church 41 35 30 9 18 m. Unwholesome air. Var. 17°58'(1815).PortoVecchio, Chiappa light 41 35 55 9 22 10 220 ft. j & 1, but ! a rock near base.Pinarellobay, torre de' Corsi 41 40 9 23 20 $withshore winds. _^M. Cava, 5000.fFium-Orbo, Casa Fiesci ... 41 59 40 9 26 30 ||. _^ to M. Cappella, 6750. #. ^.Alleria fort 42 7 9 31 15 || of the Tavignano. j. ¥. <~r. Fiorentina tower 42 17 10 33 30
9 34 || Alezani. ¥. E. extreme of Corsica.Punta d'A rco, tower 42 9 31 50 II Buguglialake & Golo R. $' in road. *-.Bastia, mole-light 42 42 9 27 52 feet. E. $. Var. 18° 30' in 1815.Monte Stella, summit 42 48 9 25 4500 feet. Mark in Elba & Capraja||
.
Finocchiarolo I. tower 42 59 15 9 28 $ both in S. Maria & Figarona bays.Sakdinia. Point delta Marmorata . .
.
41 15 50 9 13 45 With Falcone, N. point of Sardinia.Longo Sardo, redoubt 41 14 59 9 11 20 [33. N. winds rake the port. *-. Capo della Testa, light 41 14 28 9 8 15 On torre Santa Reparata, 220ft. $. ¥. Vignola tower 41 8 5 9 3 10 $. _^ to M. Griuncara, 1700 feet. Monfronara tower 41 1 10 8 52 35 Isola Eossa & Cala falsa -L. —^ to M. Cucuru.S. Pietro di Mare, chapel 40 55 45 8 48 46 || river Coguinas. _^to Castel Doria.¥.Castel Sardo, high steeple 40 55 7 8 42 36 j & 1. $ with !. X in the coves. Sardo rock, four fathoms 41 50 8 43 36 1. M. Spina (2650) in G-allura, S. 22°, E. 13fPorto Torres, tower light. .
.
40 50 31 8 22 51 49 feet. ffl. V. Var. 18° 50' in 1824.Sassari, cathedral 40 43 40 8 33 20 Above Porto Torres 710. Osilopk. 2200.Asinara I. punta Caprara 41 8 8 18 25 (Lo Scorno). j & 1. $ . *. /v. Asinara I. Trabucato tower 41 4 4 8 18 53 ffl. _^: Scomunica peak 1458. *.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 439Place. Latitude. Longitude. Kotanda.
Sakdinia. o , „ O / II Capo del Falcone, tower . .
.
40 53 5 8 10 17 ^ 610 feet. ta under. |. c
. Cape Argentiera, 'pitch ... 40 44 10 8 5 26 j&l. [
. _^toRotondopeak, 1390. *. Torre della Pegna 40 35 43 8 7 40 913 feet. T & 1. * . to- ~~- Porto Conte, Capo Caccia 40 33 24 8 8 29 Summit 575 feet. 1. Porto Conte, torre Nuova 40 35 40 8 10 38 m. Var. 19° in 1824. *. Monte cV Oglia 40 37 8 14 Summit 1398. A mark for Alghero.
A Igh ero, torre Sperone 40 32 47 8 16 49 V. Var. 18° 55' in 1824. Cape Marargiu, pitch 40 19 52 8 20 46 1 to the rock. _^ to 2550 feet. Isola Rossa, Bosa tower . .
.
40 16 40 8 25 31 || river Temo. E. ¥.
Cuglieri, castle on peak- ... 40 12 8 32 1300 feet. _** M. Ferru 2796. %Cape Mannu, torre Mora. .
.
40 1 44 8 20 35 1. In land winds 1 in cove. Mai di Ventre Rock 39
39
5S
52 58
40
8 16
8 14 10
# in || to the main. *-. Coscia di donna (Catalano) 1 except on the N.N.E. d with !. Oristano, torre Grande ... 39 53 55 8 28 40 m. *• Var. 18° 36' in 1824. nr. Oristano, the belfry 39 53 47 8 33 20 Deadly air in summer. r<~. M. Aci, Trebina peak 39 46 8 43 30 Triple-peak hill of pilots. M. Arcaentu, the mark ... 39 35 35 8 32 The finger of Oristano, 2315. Cape Pecora, pitch 39 2' 8 21 22 $ || Flumini-maggiore. -^ to M. Linas, 4000. 1. $Q
. 8 . A conical rock. 1 on all sides. d in ||. re. Pan di Zncchero 39
39
19
9 44 8 23
S. Pietro I. Gallo rock 8 11 12
S. Pietro I. north summit. .
.
39 9 40 8 16 28 Guardia dei Mori, 680 feet. *.
S. Pietro I. Torre Vittoria 39 8 28 8 17 28 Below Carloforte. ffi. Var. 19° (1823).
S. Antioco, Casteddu Crastu 39 4 20 8 26 E. In Palmas bay, $'. *•. rf. S. Antioco, cape Sperone... 38 57 20 8 23 10 1 & T- -^ to M. Arbus, 780 feet. La Vacca rock, summit ... 38 56 10 8 25 20 550. || for a boat between it & il Vitello. Toro rock, summit 38 51 58 8 22 44 j ft X 693 feet. 1 but * . *; *-. Cape Teulada, pitch 38 51 48 8 37 12 1. Summit 780. S. point of Sardinia. Cape Malfatano, toicer ... 38 53 15 8 47 18 440 feet. H. Var. 18° 28' in 1824. Cape Spartixento, extreme 38 52 28 8 50 47 1. 8Q with !. $ in land winds to the E.
Pula. S. Macario I 39 7 9 1 50 The tower, 310 feet. ffi. &. Cagliari, Arsenal mole . .
.
39 12 13 9 6 44 E. Inbay$'. V. 18°23/ ,D.59°13/ (1823). «-. Cagliari, S. Elias' light ... 39 10 48 9 7 58 Over Laida rock, 248, _^: to 340 feet. Cape Carbonara, Cavoli I. 39 4 50 9 31 41 Ficaria turret, 80 or 90 feet. 1. Serpentara I. torre Luigi ..
.
39 8 30 9 37 1. £ with !. Var. 18° in 1824. Capo Ferrato, pitch 39 17 58 9 39 16 80 ft. 1. *. _^l to torre di Monte Ferru. M. Budui, Sette Fratelli . .
.
39 18 30 9 26 45 The Seven Peaks. Summit 3800, Station 2300. Cliirra islet, centre 39 31 48 9 41 30 1. dQ
. Mag. Var. 18° 20' in 1824. Cape Sferra Cavallo 39 43 10 9 42 5 Pitch of M. Cuadazzoni, 3342 ft. T. 1. Cape Bella vista, S.Gemiliano 39 56 20 9 44 15 300 ft. -^ to Gen-Argentu peak, 5276. £. Ogliastra isle, summit 39 5!) 30 9 43 55 j-. $ all over Tortoli bay. ^r. M. Gennargentu 40 9 19 Sciuscia peak 6200 feet. f. Cape Monte Santo 40 5 58 9 44 40 Summit 2425 feet, j & 1. * . Orosei, S. Maria di mare 40 22 59 9 44 5 E. Sa in bay. Var. 18° in 1824.
440 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Sardinia. o / „ o i u Cape Comino, rock Fossa... 40 31 35 9 49 58 1. _-£ inland. E. point of Sardinia.Monte Albo, Cupetti peak 40 35 9 40 2317. Mark for Posada &Siniscola. *-.Petrosa point, Santa Anna 40 44 9 42 57 ! in approach. _^:toM. Mazzori3200. ¥.Mount Limbara, Tempio 40 51 9 11 Balestreri peak, 4500 feet. f. Molarotto, or Tauladetto... 40 52 12 9 47 70 or 80 ft. and conical. 3 in ||s. 1. Molara isle, middle 40 51 20 9 43 18 The ||s safe with !. *. *-. Tavolara I. Cala di fuori 40 54 54 9 43 36 X. j & 1. dQ
. 1500 feet nearly. Tavolaral. Spalma.di terra 40 53 10 9 40 40 t. ||s d, but practicable with !. Terra nova, ruins of Olbia 40 55 25 9 29 15 m but ! the bar. Var. 18° 5' in 1824.Cape Figari, extreme cliff 40 59 20 9 39 30 j, 1, & [
. Fine $ inside TAranci.
Mortoi-io isle, east cove ... 41 4 10 9 36 !. M. Gogaora (2150) marks Port Congianus.Porto Cervo, landing place 41 7 56 9 31 27 H. Pedestal on M. Mola, S.W.
Cape deir Urso, the bear . .
.
41 10 17 9 24 26 Mark for $ in Arsachena sound. Mezzo Schiffo, il Parav/ . .
.
41 11 7 9 22 30 HI. The Agincourt sound of Nelson.Peninsula delle Yacche . .
.
41 13 20 9 17 27 North point. 10 on both sides. Caprera I. Tejalonepeah... 41 12 40 9 28 18 750 feet. 1 to east. || with !. Madalena I. Old Guardia 41 13 27 9 23 42 Var. 17° 36', Dip 61° 28' (1824). ffi. Spargi I. summit 41 14 32
41 18 16
9 20 46
9 20 31 j & 1. d with !. *. Razzoli I. lighthouse 270 feet. 1. X in Cala Longa. Rome.
Clementino palace 42 14 22 11 42 30 || of Marta. _^ to Corneto & hills, 1250.Civita Vecchia, pier light 42 5 40 11 43 55 82 f. m. Var. 17° 30', Dip 61° 15' (1823).CapeLinaro, Cliiaruccia T. 42 1 55 11 48 58 ! reef off point. _^ to Tolfa peak, 1500.Torre San Severo 41 58 30
41 54 27
11 59
12 5 28 $ here to S. Marinella with land winds.Palo, beach magazine $. _^: to Cervitari. -*•. Rome, St. Peter's cross 41 54 12 27 A sea-mark. Ground & edifice 650 ft.Tiber, Fiumicino light 41 45 49 12 11 39 [XI in || . $' in the offing. ¥. or. Tiber, Bocca di Fuimara 41 43 58 12 12 56 Ostia ||. Torre Santo Vito. %^.Ardea, steeple 41 37 12 33 d on coast, f. _^i Albano 998, M.CaTO,3150.Porto d'Anzo, mole-light... 41 26 54 12 42 9 ED. $ with. !. (Ceno Tortus and Antium.) Astura, rock tower 41 24 10 12 48 15 Ruins of Cicero's villa. %
Fogliano, beach tower 41 21 20 12 56 54 || into the lakes. % j. *~. M. Circello, S. Felice church 41 12 40 13 5 18 $> by 7-. Summit ruins, 1730 feet. Terracina, ancient mole . .
.
41 15 51 13 15 9 $' in land winds. ¥ around. Naples.
Torre Vetere of Fondi ...... 41 16 13 20 || lake Fondi. Frontier of Naples. %Gaeta, Orlando's tower ... 41 12 20 13 34 16 IS. $' in bay. Var. 17° 39' in 1823.Mola, la Sanitd 41 15 10 13 35 29 $' with off- shore winds. _^: M. Castellone.Monte Massico, or Falerno 41 9 30 13 54 Mark for coast. cf with j.
Castel- Volturno, beach tower 41 1 40 13 56 25 $ in east winds. Bad air. %Torre di Patria 40 55 55 14 40 $ with land winds. % *-.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 441Place. Latitude. Longitude. N/otanda. Naples. O I n O 1 \l Cape Miseno, pitch 40 46 30 14 5 10 280 feet, -r & 1. In the port E3. Baia castle, flagstaff 40 48 35 14 4 44 m. Mag. Var. 17° 21' in 1820. Monte Nuovo, crater 40 50 14 5 10 480. Over Lucrine & Averno lakes. Pozzuoli, Caligula's bridge 40 49 15 14 7 10 The inner end. -L in approach. M. Camaldoli, convent 40 51 26 14 11 30 1490. Excellent mark from the bay.
Naples, Castel S. Elmo 40 50 39 14 14 28 Var. 17° 32'; Dip. 60° 37'; Int. 241, in 1817. Naples, mole-light 40 50 18 14 15 36 161. E). In bay $'with ! for foul ground. Mount Vesuvius 40 49 15 14 25 30 Crater of 1820, 3880 feet. Pompeii, temple of Isis . .
.
40 45 14 29 Overwhelmed A.D. 79. Castellammare (di Stabia) 40 41 34 14 28 12 Mole-head. $'. _^ M. S. Angelo, 4700.
Sorrento, the dogana 40 37 39 14 22 30 1 & S , but $; from depth. Point Campanella, light ... 40 34 10 14 19 32 j & 1. d . _^ to M. Costanzo, 1600.
Ainalfi, madre-chiesa 40 38 14 37 1, but * . Open to S. and S.E.
Salerno, the mole 40 39 35 14 45 $', but exposed from S.S.E. to S.W.
Torre di Pesto 40 23 14 59 35 Malaria around Pp.sf.nTn. '$'. /-*-. Cape Licosa, tower 40 13 45 14 53 (Leucosia) _^ inland, j. /3/3 . PortPalinuro, torre Prodese 39 59 40 15 14 45 Round point Spartimento, $. Point degV Infreschi 39 57 15 26 T & 1. ^M. Bolgaria, 3950 feet. Policastro, dogana 40 1 38 15 32 35 (Buxentum). $, but exposed. V. 17° 10' (1815). Castro-Cucco, torre Caja... 39 53 15 45 30 1, and $ in land winds. On a hill. Neapolitan Islands. Palmarola I., cola Forcina 40 56 18 12 52 58 7-. £ with !. _^ 427 feet. ^.
Ponza I., signal-station ... 40 53 5 12 57 38 757 f. Except the Formiche, d below. Poxza, lighthouse 40 53 35 12 58 26 m. Mag. Var. 17° 23' in 1815.
d in Scoglietelle ||, with !.
' 6 —•»» Gava islet, or la Gabbia ... 40 55 42 13 40 Zannone I., pt. Galatella... 40 57 42 13 3 15 1, d but the Varo in la Gabbia |). <t>. Botte rock, summit 40 50 10 13 6 68 feet. 1 around. [,, VandotenaL, port S. Nicolo 40 47 38 13 25 42 (Pandataria). 1. 1. <S with !. _^ 803 f. Santo Stefano I., redoubt... 40 47 15 13 26 53 183 feet, j & -L around. *. ^-. Ischia I., Forio sanita ... 40 44 10 13 51 10 $ in east winds. .^M.Epomeo 2570. fm
. Ischia I., Ischia castle ... 40 43 54 13 57 42 $', || clear to Vivara shoal. Procida I., Chiupetto light 40 46 12 14 57 74 feet. || practicable, but !. Nisvba I., tower redoubt ... 40 47 45 14 9 37 H. f
1 . t in Bagnoli bay. Capri I., Palace of Tiberius 40 32 46 14 15 19 860. l-r.* . U- ^o in H- S.ofCapodiMontc.
Capri I., Carena point ... 40 31 58 14 11 53 1 to nearly close under. -^ M. Solaro, 1900. Galli rocks, Lungo tower... 40 34 40 14 25 50 j & 1. <5 in || to Vivara rock. Calabria. Dino islet, turret 39 48 5 15 48 40 $ on north or south with !. Cirella L, tower 39 37 15 50 JL on the N.E. *. m.
Fuscaldo, torre San Giorgio 39 24 53 15 59 20 $' with off-shore winds. _^. Monte Cocozzo, summit 39. 16 16 6 30 A mark for Amantca, Belmonte, &c.
442 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude.
Calabkia.
Cape Suvero, tower Mezza Praja tower
Pizzo, Murat's prison Monte Leone, castle Tropea, madre chiesa Cape Vaticano, tower
Gioja, middle of the town... Bagnara, the church
Scilla (Scylla), castle Reggio, marina fountain. .
.
Cape delVArmi, torre Molaro M. Pentedattilo, gli unci... Cape Spartivento, tower . .
.
Point Bruzzano, tower Ruins of Locris Point Stilo, torre Verdera
Squillace, campanile
Cape Bizzuto, torre Vecchia Cape Nao, or Colonne
Cotrone, castle light Point Alice, tower P. Trionto, Bufalaria tower Capo Spulico, tower
Sicily.
Cape San Vito, church CasteW a Mare, fortress . .
.
Cape Uomo-morto, tower ... Femina isle, tower Cape di Gallo, pitch
Palekmo, mole-light Palermo Observatory Mount Catalfano
Termini, castle Cefalu, cathedral
Sant' Agata, tower Cape Orlando, castle gate Cape Calava, pitch Port Madonna, convent . .
.
Milazzo, promontory light Milazzo, castle Spadafora, palace
Cape Rasaculmo, telegraph
39 2 53
38 53 50
38 47
38 42
38 39 45
38 36 58
38 24 49 38 16 57
38 15 4 38 5 42 37 57 25
37 57 30
37 55 50 38 2 23 38 15 38 29 38 48 48 38 57 50 39 5 22
39 7 35 39 24
39 35
39 57 10
38 12 26
38 1 51
38 12 40
38 14 10
38 14 53
38 8 15
38 6 44
38 5 40 37 57 28
3838 1 30
38 7 46
38 10
38 6 45
38 15 58
38 14 6 38 14
38 17 56
Longitude.
16 8 47 16 17
16 12 45 16 10
15 55 12
15 51 48
15 56
15 49 40
15 44 36
15 39 47
15 42 15 46 30
16 3 16 9 15
16 14 40
16 35 20
16 28
17 46
17 13 28
17 9 30
17 9. 16 47 18 16 35 30
12 45 50
12 52 43 13 6 10 13 12 50
13 18 20
13 21 56
13 20 15 13 32
13 42 14 3 57
14 36 32 14 44 30
14 54 15
15 2 20
15 14 10
15 14 17
15 22 10
15 31 57
Notanda.
-L. $', but exposed, before* S. Eufemia.! bad air as far as Maida. ¥. m.{Napigia) . $', but ! the north-westers.(Vibo Valentia). On a hill. f.
j. 1. Var. 16° 50' in 1815. Good sea-mark. 1 to pretty close in.Deep water close in. ¥. Var. 17° 10' in 1815. JL. %$ in the bay, but ! currents.
1. Var. 16° 25' in 1815. $' off Arco.1 and SQ
. _u£ inland. ¥. Sea-mark. _^M. Aspromonte 4400.¥.S.E. point of Calabria.
1. <b. _^i to Bruzzano town.
1, approach to the beach very deep.1 to beach. Var. 16° 20' in 1816.
dQ in gulf, yet Virgil's 'Navi fragum.'1. * with !. %
! ruins forming a shoal off. 98 feet. S. Var. 16° 40' in 1816.1. d in Gulf of Taranto with !.
|| river Trionta. ¥. s*~. 1. || of the Femo. $ off Roseto. ¥.j but ! the reef of the point. j3(3 . 1 in the coves beneath.
dQ in approach, with !. Outwards 1. Inside || for boats.
1692 f. M. PeUegrino, 1955. M. Cuccio, 3300.m. Var. 18° 45', Dip 59° 12' (1814).As given me by Abbate Piazzi. 1095. Pts. Gerbino & Zaffarana, j&1.j & 1. $' with off-shore winds. *.1. *in summer. Var. 18° 40' (1814).-L $ with, shore winds. —^ to Caronia. "?, 2000.j, but ! shoals to the west, j & 1. $' in the bay to the east. 651 feet. IB. Var. 18° 10' in 1814.262 feet. T & 1. Var. 18° 38' (1814).320 feet. In the bay, $'. 1. $. Fine beach for watering. •*.j, but (5 close under. *.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 443Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Sicily. O 1 II o / II Faro point, the light 38 15 50 15 40 40 70 feet. $ on the spit, but ! currents. Grotta point, rotonda 38 14 20 15 35 30 Betw. it & P. Pezzo, no bottom with 200 fins. Messina, lighthouse 38 11 30 15 34 40 74f. HI. Var.l8°33';Dip58°56';In.270(1815). Mount Dinnamare 38 8 30 38 1 45
15 27 30
15 27 45 3112 feet. A good mark in the Faro.
Scaletta, castle j. Temporary $ south of the point. Point S. Alessio, harhican 37 52 30 15 21 10 Betw. it & C. dell'Armi, no bot. with 750 fins. Taormina, telegraph 37 48 15 15 17 40 890. _^i Moorish castle 1305, & Mola 1519. Mount JEtna, summit 37 43 31 15 ^ 10,874f. Radius of vision, 150 mil. Riposto, prison tower 37 40 10 15 12 50 JL. $' in off-shore winds.
Trizza, high Cyclop rock ... 37 32 15 10 5 E. 1 outside, but ! inner ||s. Catania, mole-head 37 28 20 15 5 15 ES. 1 in approach. Var. 18° 5' (1814). T&l. E. *. <*-- m. Var. 17° 40' in 1814. La Bruca, the castle 37 16 20
37 12 50
15 11 35 Agosta or Augusta, light 15 13 15 Magnisi tower 37 9 25 15 13 45 $ in Panagia bay.
Syracuse, lighthouse 37 2 58 15 16 50 m. Var. 17° 45', Dip 58° 3' in 1814. Cape Morro di Porco 37 15 18 58 j and 1. 8 . Lognina tower 36 5S 15 15 15 JL. X in the cove. •*-. Avola, the tonnara 36 55 10
36 49 12
15 8 5 15 5 20
$' in summer, and land winds. ¥. Vindicari tower m. Mag. var. 16° 40' in 1814. Marzamemi tower 36 45 30
36 41 30
15 6 45
15 8 56
X'. _^ to Pachino. *. *-. T Passaro isle, redoubt &I. X. || for boats. Var. 16° 24' (1814). Current isle, summit 36 38 10 15 3 5 T with !. To the west 8. *. ^r. Pozzallo, fort 36 44 40 14 50 48 $' in off-shore winds. Cape Scalambra, tower ... 36 46 13 14 30 15 X. Approach with !. *. rr.
Scogliettl, chapel 36 52 34 14 27 25
Terra-nova, Doric column 37 2 54 14 15 1 beach. $' in land winds.
Alicata, the castle 37 4 3 13 55 54 X. Mag. var. 16° 58' in 1815. Palma, marina 37 8 47 13 43 11 Girgenti, mole-light 37 15 39 13 31 40 ES & # outside. Var. 17° 0' in 1817.
Girgenti, temple of Juno . .
.
37 16 38 13 35 40 In Agrigentum. Dip 58° 5' in 1814.
Girgenti, cathedral 37 17 44 13 34 6 A mark in taking anchorage.
Seculiana, the church 37 19 50 13 25 28 X. In off-shore winds $'. •*•. Cape Bianco, turret 37 22 25 13 16 27 !. Distant Calata-bellota peak, 3800.
Sciacca, castel Peralta 37 29 50 13 4 46 M. Calogero 1035. Var. 17° 30' (1814). Cape San Marco, tower . .
.
37 29 15 13 20 7-. $ with !. Selinuntum, ruins of 37 36 14 12 46 32 Temple of Neptune. Beach below X. <t>. Cape Granitola, point 37 33 67 12 36 39 Approach with !. At night 8. Mazzara, the citadel 37 39 56 12 33 59 EQ. || the Salemi. Var. 17° 37' (1814). Marsala, cape Boeo chapel 37 48 10 12 25 10 E. Mole-light 55 feet. In road V.
37 52 54 12 28 14 Gate of ancient Motya. *-.
|| to Borrone & Favilla salterns. *-. m. Var. 17M0', Dip 58° 55' (1815). 37 55 45 12 27 50 Trapani, Colombara light 38 1 53 12 30 18
444 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Sicily. o / n O 1 II M. S. Julian, Saracenic T. 38 2 58 12 37 5 2184 feet. Mark in the ||s. Cape Cofano, summit 38 7 21 12 42 48 j & 1. $ off Messa tonnara. Sicilian Islands.
Stromboluzzo, summit 38 49 16 15 14 Also Strombolino. T & 1. [ 240 ft. nr.Stromboli, S. Bartolo church 38 48 12 15 13 10 Schiceiola crater station 2171. Sum. 2800. $. Basiluzza, the ruin 38 39 50 15 7 54 j & 1. d in || to Panaria. Ann's reef, three fathoms..
.
38 35 15 8 dQ in || between it and Bottaro. (3(3Q
. Panaria, port Castello 38 37 40 15 2 55 E. The isle 1 around. Penrose rocks, four fathoms 38 38 20 14 54 40 d, being in mid || Panaria and Salina.Salina, Amalfi church 38 35 40 14 47 35 1. d . _^ Mts. Salvatore & Vergine.Bentinck shoal, 2^ fathoms 38 28 52 14 49 20 d. -L. Safe || to Scoglio del Bagno. (3(3Q
. Lipaki, the castle 38 27 56 14 57 50 S.Varl8°50' (1815). M.S. Angelo990.j. l
. Like a ship, -<-.
\\ to YulcanoSQPietra lunga, summit 38 25 40 14 54 40 . Vulcano, sulphur ivories ... 38 23 19 14 55 56 £ in cove formed by Vulcanello. M. Aria 2400.Felicudi, the church 38 34 5 14 29 37 1. Station on M. Permera 1950. Canna rock, summit 38 35 2 14 25 42 j, 1, [
. Like a ship, 286 feet. or.Alicudi, the church 38 32 41 14 16 30 j & 1 all round. $ . *. Ustica, fort Falconara 38 43 17 13 11 10 j & 1. 1 in Santa Maria cove.
TJstica, Walker's rocks 38 44 40 13 10 30 !. 1 all round, but two fathoms on. Maretimo, the castle 38 1 10 12 3 55 T & 1. X' ^ to 2300 feet. Zevanzo, guard-house 38 1 38 12 20 29 j & 1 around. da
. &. *-. Porcelli rocks, a-wash 38 4 30 12 26 45 1 and d. 1. P(3 . Formiche, tonnarapier ... 38 37 12 25 53 \M. Mag. var. 17° 15' in 1815. Favignana, fort Leonardo 37 57 40 12 18 30 E, and $' for a fleet in the road. Favignana, S. Catarina ... 37 56 36 12 17 45 1249 feet. Excellent sea-mark. *-.Favignana, S. Catarina sh. 37 53 40 12 17 10 SQ in || to Point Sottile. (3(3U
. Skerki shoals 37 44 53 10 45 15 For this, & others around, see coast of Tunis.• Pantellaria, prison fort . .
.
36 51 15 11 54 29 \M. Mag. var. 16° 15' in 1817. %«*Pantellaria, Sataria point 36 45 40 12 4 20 ~^. to 2213 ft. || for boats betw. point & rock.Linosa, landing cove 35 51 50 12 52 9 1. $o
. Highest crater, 522 ft. *. *-.Lampedusa, Capo Ponente 35 31 12 29 57 T & 1. 378 feet. ¥ *. ^.
Lampedusa, castle 35 29 19 12 35 10 m. Mag. var. 16° 23' in 1822. Lampion rock, ruin 35 32 47 12 19 50 140 ft. T & 1. Var. 16° 30' in 1822.Maltese Islands.
Gozo I., Cape S. Demitri... 36 3 20 14 9 j & 1. c? in rounding the cliffs. Gozo I., the castle 36 1 30 14 14 35 Summit 570 ft. Yar. 16° 36' (1816).Gozo I., fort Chambray ... 35 59 37 14 16 55 El. ^ in || to Comino. Comino I., tower redoubt 35 59 6 14 19 48 X' in the coves. ||s quite clear. Malta I., Torre Fossa 35 57 31 14 20 54 Commands Melhehabay& Comino || . *.Malta I., St. Paul's tower 35 56 26 14 25 25 E. $'• Traditional site of S. Paul's wreck.Malta I., Civita Vecchia... 35 51 57 14 25 Cathedral, in the Rabatto, or suburb.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 445Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda. Maltese Islands. O / It o / n Malta I., Valetta palace 35 53 55 14 30 50 240 feet. Var. 17° 21' in 1816. 11. Malta I., St. Elmo light ... 35 54 12 14 31 20 167 feet. Between the two ports. Malta I., Dockyard sheers 35 53 14 31 10 m. Var. 17°;Dip 57° 42'; Int. 443 (1822). Malta I., S. Thomas castle 35 52 15 14 33 45 JL in Marsa Scala. ! Mansciar reef. Malta I., P. del' Mare ... 35 49 47 14 33 10 1. S in rounding, with !. Malta I., Marsa Scirocco 35 50 15 14 32 30 St. Lucian's castle. Var. 17°20' (1816). Malta I., Benhisa tower . .
.
38 48 56 14 32 20 || between the point and reef, but !. Malta I., Bocca di Vento 35 52 40 14 21 40 &,. -^. to Benjemma heights, 500. *.
Filfoia rock, summit 35 47 12 14 27 T & 1. d in ||. Var. 16° 25' (1823). Naples, continued. Torre Mattoni 40 22 36 40 27 19
16 50 30
17 14 5
|| of the Bradano. S . j. % nr. Taranto, citadel Var. 16° 0', Dip 59° 55' (1816). ffl. Cape Santo Vito 40 23 40 17 12 30 Light 23 feet, j with !. *. Port Cesareo, tower 40 13 17 55 50 Approach with !. &.<#•. ,-<-. Gallipoli, castle 40 1 51 17 58 IB. Before the city $, with !. Ugento shoal 39 50 18 10 20 Giurlitto reef d, /3. Town 498,
Cape S. Maria di Leuca . .
.
39 47 53 18 23 12 476. Convent column, j & 1. [ but $ . Gagliano, cove 39 50 43 18 23 40 _^ to town 495. 1. *. ^-. Cape Otranto, telegraph ... 40 7 20 18 30 16 East extreme of Italy. *~. Otranto, castle 40 9 5 18 28 45 Mag. var. 15° 15' in 1816. JL. Lecce, cathedral 40 21 18 10 28 Capital of Terra di Otranto. Torre di Cavallo 40 38 18 4 58 On the north d. !. Brindist, castello di mare 40 39 21 18 27 Var. 15° 6', Dip 59° 42' (1816). ffl. Torre di Penna 40 41 40 42 45 40 57 10
17 59 25
17 50 30
17 20 55
Cape Gallo 1. 7-. *-. 1 in the cove. Outside $.
7-. With off-shore winds, V.
Chuiceto islet Monopoli, point Paradi . .
.
Polignano, Paolo rock 40 59 47 17 16 20 j. _^ to Mount Bagiolara. £,. Mola, castle 41 3 50 17 7 38 lr
•*•. In land winds, $y . Bari, the pier-head 41 7 56 16 54 29 £,. Var. 16° 15' in 1816.
Giovinazzo, turret 41 12 16 42 40 In Spiriticchio cove, X;
. Molfetta, mole 41 12 44 16 37 13 Between the light and rock, 1. Bisceglia, pier-head 41 14 25 16 31 14 Inside JL'. Outside dQ
. 7-. Trani, dogana 41 17 52 16 26 45 X' in the port. In the road $. Barletta, light 41 20 25 16 19 27 E. In the road $'. j. Torre di Rivoli 41 29 5 15 57 || river Carapella, and Lake Salpi. Manfredonia, mole 41 37 40 15 55 58 Var. 14° 55' in 1819. H. V by T. Mt. S. Angelo, hermitage... 41 42 30 15 57 S. Angelo summit, 2400, ^ . Monte Cairo, the station . .
.
41 43 50 15 47 Highest peak of the Gargano, 3500.
Viesti, S. Croce rock 41 52 35 16 11 23 _^. and ¥. X. Outside t, y. *-. Peschici, landing-place 41 56 48 16 1 20 $ with land winds. ^. Varano, west tower 41 55 20 15 48 30 || into the fishery. ¥. Tremiti isles, telegraph . . S. Nicola castle, 260. j & 1. $. «r.
.
42 7 15 15 29 50
446 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda. Naples—continued. O / II O 1 II Pianosa islet 42 12 38 15 45 30 48 ft. Var. 15° 26' (1819). 1. d . ¥. ^.Mileto point, telegraph 41 55 44 15 38 10 On Cala-roscia tower. ¥.
Termoli, telegraph 42 26 15 11 150. 1 with 7-. ft t. Monte Majella 42 5 14 6 8500 feet. On the flanks %Vasto, campanile 42 6 36 14 43 20 600. On the hill Aimone. Punta di Penne, turret . .
.
42 10 5 14 43 57 1 in approach, but 7-. Ortonammare, mole 42 20 29 14 26 27 Var. 16° 0' in 1819. X,. $ in offing.CJiieti, steeple 42 21 15 14 11 1250. Mark for Ortona. Pescara, madre chiesa ...... 42 27 14 14 5 || river Pescara, from M. Majella. Monte Corno, summit 42 28 13 35 Gran Sasso d' Italia, 9570.
Atri, cathedral 42 35 13 59 1590. Over Galbano, or Calvano, its port.Vomano tower 42 39 14 3 15 || riv. Vomano. .^to M. Pagano, 1020.42 52 32 13 52 30 Frontier post of Naples, 1080. Papal States.
42 54 30 13 56 16
13 52 38
|| river Tronto. X. 7-. Grottamare, Lama fort ... 42 59 50 _^ to the town, 450. Ripatransone, steeple 43 13 46 41 Standard point, 1 750 feet. Fermo, marina 43 10 10 13 48 30 || river Lete. __^ to the city, 1200.Eecanati, port 43 25 48 13 39 50 _^ to the city, 1400.
Loreto, cathedral 43 26 42 13 36 50 On a height, 565 feet. Monte Conero, chapel 43 33 14 13 36 5 Summit 1900 feet. Porto Nuovo, Trave 43 34 48 13 35 El. -^. 7-. * but ¥ . nr. Ancona, mole-light 43 37 40 13 30 3 130 feet. Var. 16° 26' in 1819.
Sinigaglia, mole-head 43 43 20 13 13 9 X' for boats. Outside $' with !. Fano, lighthouse 43 50 57
43 55 31
13 1 7-. With off-shore winds $'. Open, but 7-. •*. Sea-mark for the coast, 980. Pesaro, mole-light 12 53 58 Monte Luro, spire 43 54 47 12 46 10 San Marino, steeple 43 56 30 12 27 A republic. Sea-mark 2470. Rimino, mole-head 44 4 18 12 34 20 || Marecchia. Var. 16° 50' in 1819.Cesenatico, pier 44 12 46 12 24 20 In land winds $'. ¥. 44 15 50 12 21 10 107. On with mole-light $'. f. Ravenna, rotonda 44 24* 55 12 12 40 Now far inland. ¥. Porto Primaro, battery ... 44 35 18 12 17 45 || for boats. 7-. $. Comaechio, steeple 44 41 2 12 10 49 135. || from Port Magnavacca.
Volano, telegraph 44 48 15 12 15 25 || of the Po di Volano. f. *-. Goro, Gorino battery 44 48 55 12 22 21 [2. In Sacca dell' Abbate $'. Venice.
Porto della Maestra 44 59 11 12 27 40 Main || of the Po. [33. AK
Adria, belfry 45 3 25 12 4 Between it and the sea ¥. Port Brondolo 45 10 10 12 19 46 || of Brenta Nuova. X'. 7-. Chioggia, Castel Felice . . 150. E. Var. 17° 28' in 1819.
.
45 13 48 12 18 50
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIOXS. 447Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda. Venice. O / It o / " Fort S. Pietro 45 20 10 12 20 43 || of Malamocco. ffl. In roads $'. Venice, S. Mark's belfry... 45 25 48 12 21 40 315. Var. 17° 1W; Dip 65° 8'; Int. 248 (1819). Fort S. Andrea 45 26 28 12 24 31 || of Lido S. In the roads $.
Cortellazzo, battery 45 32 7 12 45 20 || of river Piave. $,. r<~. Caorle, steeple 45 35 39 12 54 37 155. || of Livenza. Var. 17° 40' (1819). Port Tagliamento 45 38 30 13 6 5 || of the river. X. *•. nr. Port Lignano 45 41 20 13 9 57 E. Outside $. ¥. ^r. Grado, campanile 45 40 44 13 22 57 160. A mark for the coast, y.
Aquilea, campanile 45 46 13 22 30 250. Seen over drowned lands. ¥. Point Sdobba, telegraph ... 45 43 40 13 33 || of the Isonzo. E.
Isteia. Monfalcone, centre 45 48 20 13 32 14 La Rocca, 300 feet. *. Duino castle, flagstaff 45 46 14 13 35 58 In Sacco di Panzano. E. $'. Trieste, Sta. Teresa mole 45 38 49 13 46 15 Light 106 f. m. *. ^totheKarst, 1590.
Trieste, castle flagstaff 45 38 25 13 46 47 310. Var. 16° 54', Dip 65° 13' (1819). Capo d'Istria, Sanita 45 32 32 13 44 12 46 feet. On an insulated rock. *•. Isola, campanile 45 31 58 13 40 185. X. In the road $. Pirano, San Giorgio belfry 45 31 18 13 33 54 240 feet. Var. 16° 5' (1819). IS. ffi'. Cape Salvore, lighthouse . .
.
45 28 57 13 29 47 117. Cala Mosca of Bassania. Omago, steeple 45 23 50 13 31 30 110 ft. H. Outside $. _^ to Buje, 890. Cittanova, battery 45 18 36 13 32 55 Here and Port Quieto El, and t. Parenzo, islet convent 45 13 34 13 35 10 S. *\ Var. 16° 21' in 1819.
Orsera, church 45 8 30 13 36 12 IS, but ! in approach. ¥. Rovigno, S. Eufemia spire 45 4 36 13 37 39 330 feet. 1. m. ^.
Dignano, church 44 57 25 13 51 14 Mark for Canale di Fasana. Fasana, the mole 44 55 16 13 48 10 Between it and Brionis EB. *. *-. m. *. Var. 15°, Dip 64° 38' (1819). Summit, 149 feet. ¥. 1. Pola, Olive islet 44 52 18 13 50 10
Pola, Cape Brancorso 44 51 42 13 48 37 Port Veruda, isle convent. .
.
44 49 28 13 50 24 118 feet. 1. E. ¥. ^.
CapePromontore, Porerrock 44 45 27 13 53 54 Lighthouse 111 feet. 8. 1 Port Bado, landing-place. .
.
44 53 46 13 59 57 1. X. * but ¥D
. ! for boras. Punta Nera, tower 44 57 55 14 8 30 T- 1. -^ to M. Ostrina, 1760. Albona, church 45 4 46 14 7 40 1160 feet. Shores beneath 1. Fianona, steeple 45 7 51 14 11 640 feet. X but !. ¥. Mount Coldero, or Maggiore 45 16 32 14 11 57 4530 feet. Sea-mark around. ¥. Croatia.
Kastua, black castle 45 23 12 14 20 10 On a hill inland. ¥. Fiume, landing-place 45 19 5 14 25 43 || river Reka. £ but wind. $' Porto Re, arsenal 45 16 14 33 36 $', but torn by boras.
S. Marco islet 45 14 55 14 33 || Maltempo. 1 but !. Kernovitza, chapel 45 6 30 14 50 A clean cove, but !.
448 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITION'S.
Place, Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Croatia. O / (1 o t a Segna, mole-head 44 59 40 14 54 10 J, 1. Ravaged by boras. Jablanaz, chapel 44 42 30 14 53 30 ^ to M. Velebich. %
Karlopago, mole 44 31 40 15 3 56 1, but ! boras. Var. 17° 10' (1819). Lukovo, landing-place 44 26 8 15 11 J and 1, but !. Castel Venier 44 15 15 27 40 || of Novigradi lake. !. Novigradi, fortress 44 10 10 15 32 9 When inside ||, S3, rr. Karin, convent 44 7 15 36 10 || of Karisniza [X]. ¥. Croatian Islands.
Puntadura, station 44 18 10 15 3 50 355. Dinarapeak in Julian Alps, 8500.Pago, fort Glubatz 44 19 22 15 15 10 Commands || into Morlacca ||. Pago I., landing-place ... 44 27 2 15 2 50 Land-locked, but ravaged by boras. Pago, point Loni 44 42 10 14 43 30 J & 1 With !. •*•• rr. Pago, M. San Vito 44 28 30 44 26 20
14 59 40 14 54 1150 feet. Theodolite station, Maon Isle, chapel j & 1 in Pago ||, but !. Arbe I., steeple 44 45 7 44 56 42 14 44 45 14 40 30 X but !. Var. 17° 0' in 1819. Gaglian rock || to Besca-vecchia j. rr. Veglia I., madre chiesa ... 45 1 40 14 33 58 $ but !. t.
Veglia, vol Dobrigno 45 8 20 14 35 40 C2 but ! for boras. Kerso, Farasina convent .
.
. 45 7 49 14 16 56 T- 1. -^ to Mount Sys, 1680. Kerso I., Sanita, 44 57 36 14 23 50 H. In bay d , but for winds !. ¥Kerso, Osero church 44 41 5 44 43 12 14 22 51 14 10 10
||s 1, but !. Galiola rock, centre In the Quarnero ||. [. rr. TJnie I. , Porto-lungo 44 38 35 14 15 38 1 but !. *. rr. Sansego I., mount Garbi ... 44 31 4 14 17 45 350 feet. p[3 to the N.W. f . Lossini, mount Osero 44 40 16 14 21 38 1900. Isle also named Lossin Piccolo.Lossini I. , port Augusto 44 32 6 14 27 21 Arsenal. Var. 16° 58' in 1819. *.
S. Pietro di Nembo I. 44 28 14 32 10 Ilovatz chapel. E3 in ||. r<-. Grivitsa rock 44 24 30 14 33 30 || of the Quarnerolo. [,. Selve I., town church 44 22 39 14 40 43 || to S. Pietro d, !. ^.
Vlbo I., town 44 22 15 14 46 15 Mag. var. 17° 6' in 1819. Dalmatia.
Nona, steeple 44 14 30 15 10 15 In the basin, [2. Zara, bastion S. Francesco 44 6 39 15 12 49 Var. 14° 13', Dip 64° 20' (1819). H.Mount Vratsavo 44 2 43 56 27
15 24
15 26 40 710 feet. Inland ^ to 4900. In ||, Zara Vecchia, steeple $' with !. rr. Monte Nero, station 43 54 15 39 970. Mark for Lake Vrana.
Slozella, landing-place 43 49 15 40 With ! V. * but f^ rr. Sebenico, Castel-vecchio . .
.
43 44 15 15 52 45 J. 1. Var. 15° 8' in 1819. ffl. Capo Oesto, tower 43 34 52 15 54 45 1 but !. T. m. ^.
Ragosnitsa, mole 43 31 17 15 57 48 T & 1. ffl. Var. 14° 30' in 1819. Port Manera, landing-place 43 29 36 16 28 X. ^. _^ to M. Movar, 400.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 449
Place. Latitude. Longitude, Notanda. Dalmatia. O 1 II O , II Trau, S. Mark's tower 43 30 46 16 14 58 In || Trau, Bua, and Salona ffl. Spalateo, cathedral 43 30 11 16 26 10 Diocletian's palace. Var. 15° 0' (1819). Spalatro, fort Botticella . .
.
43 29 19 16 25 45 HI. In bay $r M. Maglian, 550. Almissa, convent 43 26 20 16 42 10 In the ||, J and 1. $. Monte Borah 43 26
43 16 59
16 44
17 1 16 2800 feet. * and *. Macarska, chapel Yar. 14° 45' (1819) . M. Sustvid, 3800, -^ 5900. Fort Opus, flagstaff 43 1 45 17 35 ||s of river Narenta. ,-*-. Fort Smerdan 42 56 50 17 33 20 _^toM. Ulico, 1800. Turkish confine. Sabbioncello, point Ossit . .
.
42 59 50 16 59 30 II Curzola, $'. _^ to M. Vipere, 3160.
Sabbioncello, Val di Briesta 42 54 17 31 10 Access !, *. M. Sukino, 2050. Monto-rogo, summit 42 46 17 56 2810. Slanobetweenit&M.Tmor,2965.
Isola Rudda, station 42 42 37 17 55 10 II of Kalamota, all $' and ES. r-r. Ragusa, mole battery 42 38 16 18 6 39 -^ to fort Imperial, 1350. E£L $. Inland, 4500. Ragusa, fort S. Marco ... 42 37 40 18 6 54 310. OnLakromaisle. Var. 16° 0' (1819). ¥ . Ragusa Vecchia, chapel ... 42 35 18 12 j 1. j. In Prahlivaz, ffl. Molonto, port Piccolo 42 27 5 18 25 1. IB,:Mark,;S.Elia,1850. Onthe coast $ , to- Dalmatian Islands. Premuda, summit 44 20 20
44 16 15
14 36 30
14 44 50
1, except on the N.W. *~. Isto, magazine _u£ to Monte Guardia, 560. Melada, Banastra point . .
.
44 12 18 14 48 58 In port Beguglia, HI. Klib rock, or Diboskik 44 13 35 14 54 T. 1. 1, but difficult. ^.
Grossa, point Bianche light 44 9 10 14 48 40 || of the Sette Bocche. 1. !. f . Grossa, M. Vela Stratza . .
.
43 59 15 2 30 1100. Landfall for Grossa or Lunga.
Grossa, mount Krepassia.. 43 54 24 15 6 50 Port Tajer, j. 1. |JB. I iicoronata, M. Opat 43 43 38 15 26 25 Summit of the isle, 760. Curbabdla, east peak 43 41 15 15 30 55 380 feet. * but f . Sestrugn, summit 44 9 55 14 59 20 1 but !. rr, Eso, the port 44 1 52 15 5 40 1. T. Var. 15° 50' in 1819.
Ugliano, castle 44 4 39 15 8 42 879. || of Zara, S . Pasman, church 43 57 20 15 22 58 S in || with !. Summit 893. Vergada, summit 43 51 10 15 30 15 370 feet. ! in the ||s. Zut, summit 43 51 50 15 18 46 Station on Velikivak. *-. Morter, Gessera chapel . .
.
43 47 58 15 38 14 6' in ||. _^ to Broskitza, 359. Zlarina, port 43 41 40 15 49 58 ^ to M. Batokio, 540 feet. Siaajan, summit 43 42 5 15 44 12 457 feet. 1 in ||s, but !. Zuri, mount Bohl 43 39
43 32 30
15 37 50
15 51
380. d in ||s with !. ,*-. Suilan, Aid rock 6 fathoms, ||s around deep. Zirona, port Grande 43 26 48 16 8 30 ||s £ with ! m. rr. Solta, port Sordo 43 23 16 18 25 1. 23. *• -^ to M. Stratsa, 695.
Bratsa, Milna church 43 19 23 16 27 16 d in ii. m. *. *%
Bratsa, Stjepanska church 43 20 36 16 39 10 || to main land j, 1, & d . *-. Bratsa, Bol cove 43 15 10 16 39 42 T & 1. _^ to M. San Vito, 2560. G G
450 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda. Dalmatian Islands. O / II O / 1, Lesina, S. Giorgio tower .
.
. 43 7 20 17 11 10 8 in ||s. ^ M. Glavalikova, 1390.Lesina, cathedral 43 9 10 16 26 29 m. Var. 14° 5', Dip 62° 42' (1819).Lesina, M. S. Nicolo 43 8 30 16 30 2100. Mark in outer ||. Torcola, pt. Masliniza 43 5 28 16 42 35 1 on all sides. *. *-. Bacili rocks, largest 43 4 57 16 34 30 d , j & 1 around, ^r. Lissa, S. Francis steeple... 43 3 22 16 10 12 Var. 14° 0', Dip 62° 51', Int. 240 (1819). H.Lissa, Stupisca point 43 26 16 4 ||s 8 . _^ to M. Huhm, 1940.
JBusi isle, station 42 58 10 16 1 27 790 feet, j & 1. JL,. *.
S. Andrea in Pelago 43 1 25 15 45 20 Ruins _^ to summit, 1020. ¥. rr. Porno rock, summit 43 5 35 15 27 25 14/toW.byN.£,otherws.l. 100. [
. ^.Pelagosa, M. Crocella 42 23 49 16 16 20 150 feet. $ with !. ^.
Katsa, summit 42 45 56 16 31 12 830. T &1. «b. ^.
Katsiola, summit 42 44 50 16 42 30 *. /3/3 on shoal W. by S. *-. Lagosta, S. Rafael 42 45 39 16 49 j & 1. H. _^ to M. S. Giorgio, 1390.Lagostini rocks, Glovat .
.
. 42 45 10 17 8 27 1 in approach, but [
. -r. Curzola, Blatta mole 42 57 32 16 43 11 m. t. Var. 15° 10' in 1819.
Curzola, port Raciskie 42 58 17 56 E. ^ to M. Dobravasca, 1880. ¥.Curzola, fort S. Biagio ... 42 57 30 17 7 18 H.Var.l4°55'(1819).M.Vipere,3100.Meleda, port Palazzo . .
.
42 46 50 17 21 52 Ruined palace. Var. 15°0' (1819). H.^.Meleda, port Surra 42 44 50 17 35 1.$. ^M.Grado,1670(MezzaMeleda).Melada, M. Plagnak 42 42 10 17 42 58 1190. Mark for Val Sablonava.
S. Andrea, di Ragusa 42 38 10 17 57 20 Donzella chapel, 185. j & 1. Marcano isle, station 42 34 37 18 10 51 j & -L. d with !. *-. Albania.
Cottaro, point d' Ostro 42 23 22 18 31 12 || of two ' Bocche/ _^ 220, 8 . ¥. Cattaro, point Morale 42 28 28 18 40 j. 1. _^ M. Desviglie, 2541. *-. Cattaro, city mole 42 25 25 18 45. 47 EB. ^ M. Sella, 3240. Var. 14° 25' (1818).Cattaro, porto Rosa 42 25 22 18 31 40 m. ^ M. Lustitsa, 1900 feet. *. Monte Vetergnak 42 19 18 53 3960. Above Stagnevich convent.Buclua, M. S. Salvatore .
.
. 42 17 45 18 49 25 Above the town, 1250. H. f . Budua, S. Nicolo isle 42 15 45 18 50 47 Observation stone, 365 feet. Antivari, old dogana 42 2 11 19 7 21 t. Var. 14° 57' (1818), _^ to 4500.Dulcigno, la Cala 41 53 58 19 11 49 H. In the road t. ¥.
1. Near || river Bojana. [. Peregrino rock 41 51 47 19 15 40 *-. San Giovanni di Medua . .
.
41 48 20 19 29 m. II Drino. % Var. 14° 0' (1818).Cape Rodoni, station 41 36 35 19 28 10 1 with !. _^ 400 feet. f. Cape Pali, summit 41 23 5 19 24 14 In the bay $'. ¥. rr. $' with !. Var. 13° 50' (1818). 340. From base to Kavaja, /3/3 . Durazzo, the mole 41 18 15 19 26 54
Cape Laglii, tower 41 10 10 19 25 40
Point Samana, centre 40 48 55 19 17 37 || river Tuberathi. d at night. &. *~.Mount Pegola 40 54 30 20 7 7760 feet. Peak over Berat. Talao rocks, centre 40 38 19 18 30 || river Vojutza, or Poro. !. rr.
.1
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 451
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Albania. o r 'I o , / ,. n 1 Avlona, dogana 40 27 15 19 26 20 EE. Var. 14° 0', Dip 60° 38', Int. 231 (1818). A lion a, fort Kanina 40 26 41 19 27 30 1360 feet. ¥. Sasseno isle, station 40 29 10 19 14 12 Summit 988. j & 1. d . ^.
Cape Linguetta, extreme ... 40 25 37 19 15 1. ^ to 2990 feet. %
Voile delV Orso 40 19 12 19 20 35 JL. ^ 1546 feet, and 4300. Monte Cica 40 14 36
40 8 45
19 35
19 37 30
6300, mark for Gremata cove. Strada Bianca, extreme . . j, but 1. _^ M. Cicara, 5470, _^^..
.
Port Palermo, fort 40 2 55 19 48 10 m. Var. 14° 30' in 1818. Santi Quaranta, dogana... 39 53 46 20 14 8 by j. $'. _^ to the town. <*>. Butrinto, guard-house 39 44 34 19 59 42 II of the Fishery and Lake. $'. ^r. Gomenitsa, Prasudi rock... 39 30 13 20 9 7
$' but ! the bank off || Kalama. -<-. Gomenitsa, dogana 39.28 46 20 18 10 m. Magnetic Var. 14° 30' in 1818. Mourtso, Sybota rock 39 23 40 20 13 30 j & -L. In the bay $. *. *-. Parga, the citadel 39 16 29 20 23 29 m and t. Var. 13° 30' in 1819. Port Fanari, S. Giovanni 39 14 4 20 30 || of ancient Acheron and Cocytus.
Kastro-sikia, dogana 39 5 53 20 38 48 £„ ! the Ittisa reefs, (5. Previsa, fort Pantakratera 38 56 17 20 45 14 || gulf of Arta. T. Inside ffl. * . Vouvalos rock 38 58 25 20 55 Near centre of gulf. Var. 13° 10 (1820). <*. LlVADIA.
Vonitsa, the pier 38 54 26 20 53 14 V m. t. ^^. inland hill, 1480. Fort Glorgi 38 47 57 20 43 40 194. (H. || of Santa Maura. ^.
Vwrko bay, Mytika point... 38 40 10 20 56 44 S.^^M.Kandili5000,&M.Bumisti4950.^ ^. Dragomestre, the skala . .
.
38 32 45 21 5 48 m. d . M. Veloutzi, 2977. t. Port Plattea, inner point..
.
38 28 10 21 5 49 lis i. u. *. ^.
Port Skropha, the rock . .
.
38 18 55 21 9 EH. II Aspro-potamo, or Achelous.
Missolunghi, battery 38 21 50 21 26 30 Extensive lakes and marshes. ^-. Varasova point 38 20 15 21 39 1. _^: to summit, 2830 feet. M. Kako-skala, summit ... 38 21 20 21 42 40 3380. M. Koraka beyond, 6700. Kastro RUm-ili 38 19 28 21 47 || of Lepanto. 1. 8 . ¥ . Lepanto, landing-place ... 38 23 15 21 50 10 Peaks ofM. Rigani, ^ x, 4660 & 3950.
Galaxidi, building-yard ... 38 22 27 22 23 20 H. _^to2500ft. *. M.Parnassus, 3970. Dobrena, port Vathi 38 11 30 22 55 30 *. PeaksofHeUcon,^_^,5200&5750.
Ionian Islands. Fano, west summit 39 50 20 19 19 50 1214 feet, _^ ^_ 1, except on the N.E.
Merlera, summit 39 53 28 19 31 57 7-. X. *. but ¥ . >*-. Samotraki, central hillock 39 45 44 19 28 5 ! & 7- in approaching. 8. *-. Diaplo isle, centre 39 45 37 19 32 40 T~ and ! in the ||s. 8. *-. Tignosa rock, Middle of north Corfu ||. (,. light 39 47 56 19 57 28
Corfu, Santa Katerina . .
.
39 50 4 19 49 58 || of S. Spiridione. *. Corfu, M. Safoatore 36 13 30 19 49 20 S.W. peak 2590. Mark in the ||. ViDO I., fort Alexander ... 39 38 5 19 55 38 Var. 1 1 83'j Dm- 58° KKj Int. 338, in | GG 2
452 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda. Ionian Islands. O 1 IP o i n Corfu, Benitse villa 39 32 14 19 54 29 $, but open. _^ Santa Dekka, 2000.Corfu, citadel-flagstaff 39 37 2 19 55 44 257 feet. E. In the roads ffl. Corfu, Lefkimo point 39 27 20 20 4 27 t~. Low, and d at night. Corfu, cape Bianco 39 20 50 20 6 50 Foot of the cliff. !. d. Corfu, Laguclia rock 39 24 19 19 54 50 7- with!. /3/3 . 1 ^.
Corfu, port Ermones 39 35 30 19 45 32 X. *. ^ M. S. Giorgio, 1326. Corfu, Yliapades bay 39 40 19 41 10 Alipa point. 1. ffl. <t>. *-. Corfu,, port Timona 39 42 20 19 36 30 X'. _^ to Aphiona and M. Teodoro.
369. Off the point, S. ¥. Madonna light, 107. ffi. 1, but !. Var. 13° 17' (1820). *-.
Paxo, Ldka light 39 13 27 20 9 15 Paxo, port Gayo 39 11 40 20 12 19 Anti-Paxo, point Novoro..
.
39 8 37 20 15 46 Leucadia, Santa Maura... 38 50 19 20 42 58 X. In port Drepano, E@. Leucadia, Scsola rock 38 41 50 20 32 30 <S in ||. Opposite M. Nomali, 3700.Leucadia, cape Dukato 38 33 30 20 32 41 j, -L. _^l to Sappho's Leap, 785. Leucadia, Poropeak 38 38 14 20 43 1490 feet, ^ . S in ||. Leucadia, port Vliko 38 40 55 20 42 m. Var. 13° 40' in 1820. ¥. Meganisi, Vathi mill 38 39 30 20 47 10 280. EE, but ! in approaching.
Arkudi, red cliff 38 33 16 20 42 30 j & 1. 8Q around, but $ . *-. Atoko, summit 38 29 20 48 28 998 feet. 1. d , but * . ^.
Kalarao, the port 38 35 38 20 52 45 1. H. -^: to central summit, 2377. Kastns, central height 38 33 20 54 30 498. 1 all round, f
.
Dragonara, summit 38 29 23 1 40 1 in all the ||s. r-r. Petala, summit 38 25 5 21 6 30 T. 1. m. t. Var. 13° 20' (1820), Vromona isle, summit 38 22 23 21 12 676 feet. 1 around, but $ . 8 . nr. Oxia isle, summit 38 18 54 21 7 10 1247. Off||Achelous.Var.l3°32'(1820).Ithaca, point Marmaka ... 38 30 20 39 5 50. *. S . M. Neritos,orAnoi, 2350.Ithaca, port Vathi 38 22 5 20 42 47 Lazzaretto. Var. 13° 44' (1820). ffl. Ithaca, point Joanni 38 19 28 20 46 20 T & 1, ^ M. Stefano, or Aito, 2170.Cephalonia, port Viscardo 38 27 15 20 34 20 730. 1 in Daskalio ||. Cephalonia, Samos 38 14 30 20 38 $'. Ruins to the east. ¥.
Cephalonia, point Atros ... 38 10 20 20 45 30 -L, d . _^. to Napier's turret, 2656.
Cephalonia, cape Skala . .
.
38 2 55 20 46 38 S. .^ to M. Elato, or Nera, 5260. %Cephalonia, port Argostoli 38 11 13 20 28 33 The station Hook-light, 35 feet. ffl. Cephalonia, castle S.Giorgio 38 8 20 20 33 52 998 feet. Var. 13° 24', in 1820. Cephalonia, Guardiana isle 38 8 13 20 25 30 Lighthouse 122 feet. j. !. Cephalonia, cape Aterra ... 38 21 30 20 24 33 T & 1. X. d . _^ to 1655 feet. Cephalonia, fort Asso 38 23 5 20 32 26 Height 410. T & 1. Zante, cape Skinari 37 56 28 20 41 24 260. 1, d . *. Var. 13° 21' (1823). Zante, mount Teri 37 50 20 44 2274 feet. Mark in the ||. IS. Zante, city mole-head . . *'. Var. 13° 12'; Dip58°50'(1820)..
37 47 27 20 54 58
Zante, mount Skopo 37 44 41 20 57 5 Convent 1489. Mark in the ||. Zante, Kieri bay 37 41 15 20 51 19 $. Station at the Pitch-wells. Zante, port Vromi 37 49 20 39 8 X, but$ . *. _^:toM.Vrakiona,2390.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 453
Place. Latitude. 1 Longitude. Is otanda.
Ionian Islands. O / '1 o i
ri Stamfani isle, convent 37 15 12 21 1 27 Light 127. 1, o with !. ^.
Prodano isle, summit 37 1 58 21 34 570. iin||, S . Var.l3°44'(1820). ^.
Sphagia, summit 36 55 35 21 39 37 (Sphacteria) . 480. j. f . Sapienza, port Longona . .
.
36 43 42 21 41 30 1 & JL _^ to summit, 730 feet. *~. Cabrera, Skh itsa cove 36 43 28 21 47 38 j. 1. dQ in the ||s, but t . *-. VenetUco, chapel 36 40 47 21 55 30 In || to Cape GaUo. !. * . ^.
Murmiki, or Ants 36 38 30 21 56 10 1. t- Var- 12° 58' (1820). rr. Servi, point Franco 36 27 15 22 59 30 1. Summit, 950 feet. *-. Cerigo, cape Spati 36 22 40 22 57 10 j & 1. d in Cervi ||. ¥ . Cerigo, port S. Nikolo 36 13 14 23 5 9 TheCastle. ffl. *'. M. S. Giorgio, 1000. Cerigo, Kapsali dogana . .
.
36 8 35 23 18 S. $. Port of Tserfgo, or Kythera.
Cerigo, cape Lindo 36 12 5 22 55 d with !. _^ to 1540. Ovo isle, summit 36 5 5 23 10 T & 1. 1. Height 550. t . *~. Koupho-nisi, north islet ... 36 7 17 23 6 12 T & 1. d . t . *c
. ^.
Porri islet, centre 35 58 10 23 15 1 & l,but $ . c^with! Ht. 410. % *.
Nautilus rock 35 55 54
35 51 56
23 13 20
23 18 20
c. Var. 12° 10' in 1823. [. E. Var. 12° 20' ; Dip 55° 24' Cerigotto, Potamo fort . . (1823).
.
Cerigotto, M. Turko-vouno 35 51 23 18 1100. Mrk.for||. M.Dometha,980. * . Grabusa, Kastro 35 35 37 23 33 18 In Candia, but to complete the ||s. *-. Morea.
Athens, the Parthenon . .
.
37 58 10 23 43 50 In Greece, but to connect.
Corinth, dogana 37 55 46 22 53 52 1. 7-. $'. Site of Lechseum.
Corinth, citadel 37 53 20 22 52 58 Acro-Corinthus. 1850 feet. Kamari, landing-place ... 38 5 45 22 34 54 1. j- -^ M- Koryphi, 2 ^50. t.
Vostitsa, beach fountain . .
.
38 15 10 22 6 12 1. V. _^ M. Pteri, 5900. » •. Kastro Morea, flagstaff . .
.
38 18 24 21 49 5 || of Lepanto. 1. SQ
. Patras, mole-head 38 14 27
38 14 34
21 45 30
21 45 35 V. d by T. Var. 13° 10' in 1820.
_^M.Yoideah,6500. M.S.IST Patras, castle icolo(OZowo*)7100. flag Cape Papa, ruined fort ... 38 12 40 21 25 5 || Lake Kalogria. Hill to S. 2980. Cape Papa, sandy spit . .
.
38 13 3 21 24 10 7-. !. _^ Mavro-vouna, 800. ¥. -r. Konoupoli, rock 38 5 29 21 22 1. %. % M. Santa Meriotoko, 3420. Klarentsa, old castle 37 5Q 24 21 9 35 ^-. *. Var. 13° 15' (1820). .^. Kastro Tornese 37 53 44
37 55
21 9 33
21 1
795. Commands plain of Elis. Montague shoal Ibut 6. ||s safe, but !. Cape Katakolo 37 38 48 21 20 5 T- t. *. Var. 12° 35' (1820). Roufea river, skala 37 36 20 21 29 || Alpheius. Var. 12° 50' (1820.) t. Arcadia, citadel 37 14 30 21 41 49 540. _^ to 4000 feet. %
Navarin, ruin* of Pylos ... 36 56 40 21 39 42 520. Boat || to Sphaghia.
Navarin, Kulonisi rock ... 36 54 50 21 40 53 20ft, Var. 13°58' ; Dip 57°54'(1820).
Navarin, castle flag 36 53 35 21 41 20 m. M. S. Nikolo, 1600, mark for ||. Modon, mole-tower 36 48 30
36 41 50
21 41 36
21 54 5
72. IE. t. Var. 13° 27' (1820). Cape Gallo, the pitch ^ 1390, Var. 12° 15' (1823). ^.
454 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. MOREA.
Koron, castle flagstaff Mount Lykothimo, summit
Kalamata, dogana Mount Makryno, S. Elias Cape Kephali, pitch Port Limeni, Vitylo skala Port Djimova, Dyko point
Cape Grosso, Kastro Orias Cape Matapan, the pitch... Cape Stavri, extreme Marathonisi, Crane islet . .
.
Potamo Vasili, teach station Kokino, beach tower Xyli bay, Rupinapeak ... Cape Malea, S. Angelopoint
Monembasia, citadel Archipelago, Black Sea, and Levant, to Alexandria, follow this Table.
(See p. 460.) Egypt.
Rosetta, fort Raschid
Nelson's isle, Burial bay . .
.
Al Bekur, castle tower . .
.
Alexandria, Pharos castle Alexandria,point Eunostos
Alexandria, Pompey'spillar A lexandria, Cleopatra's bath Alexandria, Marabut isle Abusir, Arab's tower Al Ama'id, ruins lumeimah point
Tanhoob, marabut Ras al Kanais Marmarica.
Marsa Moh^derah
Ras al Harzeit, or Baratun MarsaLabeit,Mhaddra rk. Ishailah rocks, east one Tifah rocks, centre Ras Haleimah, pitch
36 46 35
36 54
37 25
36 58
36 53 43 36 41 36 38 57
36 29 57
36 23 55
36 37
36 44 24
36 47 45 36 45 30
36 40 35 36 26 14 36 41 10
Longitude.
31 26 55
31 21 54
31 20 17 31 12 40
31 11 31
31 10 45
31 9 55
31 8 50
30 57 40 30 56 5 31 2 7 31 8 16
31 16 52
31 12 7 31 22 54
31 23 47
31 31 18
31 35 15
31 36 18
21 59 12
21 53
22 8 36
22 22 22 8 57 22 23 15 22 22 53
22 22 44 22 29 56
22 32 20 22 34 50
22 41 40 22 48 22 49 27 23 12 10 23 2 50
Notanda.
30 27
30 8 10 30 5 57 29 53 28
29 51 58
29 53 47
29 52 5 29 47 37 29 33 20
29 11 28 47 28 23 19 27 52 15
27 39 30
27 23 40 27 16 33 26 39 44 26 16 10 26
220. V. Var. 11° 56' (1820). 2995 feet. Good sea-mark. ¥.
|| of the Nedon. j. $'. Ancient Taygetus, nearly 8000 feet. 1. 8 , but $ . _^ 1158, and 4250. ^.t. ¥. Var. 11° 50' (1823). T & 1. _^ 3450. M. Sanghia, 3990. 950 feet. T & 1. * . rr. 1020. 1. _^ to Kaka-vouni, 4000. rr.1. $' in Skutari bay. ¥. rr.
$'. Ancient port of Sparta. _^510. rr.|| Eurotas. Var. 12° 15' in 1820. rr.*\ ^ to M. Kurkola, 3000. T & 1. $. M. Kimatitsa, 1500. j& 1. f . $ . _^toM.Krithyna,2600. rr,1. Magnetic var. 13° 10' in 1820.
|| of the Nile. T h !. f. Low and 8. y. rr. ¥ .
|| to Nelson's isle, 8. Inside, $.
8. /3. In new port, $,. New light, 180. T. !. ffl. C 99 - 5ft. Lat. by A. By an observation on the\ summit 31° 9' 49", but mercury tremulous.NecropoKs. Var. 11° 0' ; Dip 57° 45' (1822).!, but inside*'. Var. 11°15'(1822). t. rrApproach 8. (3(5 Q
. f. r. Broken grnd. Var. 10° 55' (1822).*,but!. Var. 11° 20' (1822). -^ to sandy spit. Var. 10° 52' (1822)._^ Akabah-el-Sougha'ir, 490. rr.
m. *. Var 11° 0' in 1822. rr. Baratun from Parsetonium. ¥• H. Var. 11° 40' (1822). *. rr. 58 feet. J. [. (Scopuli Tyndarei).
||s 1, but !. Var. 12° 0' (1822). rr T & 1. East point Gulfal Milhr.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 455
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Xotanda. Mabmabica. O f II O t II Port Solium, cove 31 30 25 10 m. V. 5 . 'Akabah-el-Kibir, 840. Ras al Milk r, or C. Lukkah 31 53 5 25 3 30 c with !. (Ardanaxes Prom.) ¥ . Tebruk, Saracenic gate . .
.
32 2 51 24 3 31 H. Var. 12° 40' ; Dip 56° 58' ; Int. 240 (1822)
.
Bombah, Seal isle 32 14 27
32 22 36 23 18 50
23 16 23
|| Marsa Enharit Khuzitah. ¥c
. <-<-. Bombah, Bhurdah m. Var. 14° 55'; Dip 56° 24' (1822). ^. isle Bombah, Own al Gharami 32 27 35 23 12 58 Ship rock. !. ^. Var. 14° 45' (1822). Barcah. Eos et Tyn, beach 32 33 56 23 11 53 m, but !. *. -+-. ¥ . Dernah, marabut 32 46 10 22 40 44 $'. Var. 13° 39' in 1821. 570 feet. Ras Haldl, beach 32 55 29 22 10 2 1. $. *, but near ¥. *~. Marsa Sousah, Cothon ... 32 54 51 21 56 27 JL. Var. 14° 27' (1821). Inland, %
Mas al Razat, or Ras Sem 32 56 56 21 38 j. 1. _^ to Gure'inah, 1575. ¥. $ . Cyrene, near small theatre 32 49. 38 21 49 5 2012 feet. Beechey's tent station. Point Dohneitah 32 50
32 43 7 21 8 8 20 54 52
1. ^ to lower Gureinah range,1050. *. Dolme'itah, the cothon 1. In the offing $. *. w.
Taukrah, ruins 32 31 50 20 32 10 1. _^ 950 feet. * and f. Ben-Ghazi, castle 32 6 51 20 2 40 ®. Outside, t. Var. 14° 50' (1821). f. Ras Teyonas, sandy point 31 58 19 55 57 1. j. Low, but d . Marsa Kharkarah 38 28 30
31 2 50
30 47 32
19 58 25
20 13
19 56 48
1. $. _^ extensive sand-hills. r<-. $, in off-shore winds. !. j. lwith!. [. Var. 15° 1' (1822). ^.
Sh ahican marabut Gharah isle Isha ifah rod: 30 36 30 19 52 45 j. 50 feet. [ G
. ^. Marsa Bura'iyah, old fort 30 27 47 19 38 10 % with !. _^:high and white sand-hills. Busheifah islet 30 17 52 19 11 58 In summer, $, with !. ¥ .
Tripoli.
MuktaJir, boundary pile . .
.
30 17 40 18 59 50 The frontier of Tripoli. Ras al Ornjah, or Licontah 30 55 58 17 58 Bluff rock to Ben-Jawad, J*"". [,. A b u-Saida, landiny-pla ce 31 15 17 39 $ with off-shore winds. *•. Marsa Zaphran, point ... 31 12 50 16 40 52 S. Approach !. Var. 16° 42' (1821). Jerid rocks 31 26
31 33 20
15 54
15 35
"y. Outside $ with land winds. On a moderate ^ . r<-. 'Isd, Jebbah ruin
'Isa, beach station 31 35 25 32 1 30
15 37 56
15 13 50 Sand hummocks. Vr. 16° 50" (1821). t'. Over the drowned lands. Tawarkah village Kharrah, or Aardr 32 9 58
32 21 26
15 25 5 15 16 45
f. This single tree was here in 1770.
1. T. Var. 16° 40' in 1816. Sidi Buscha'ifa, marabut... Misratah, mosque 32 22 30 15 9 Town is inside the point. =f
.
Cape Mtsra tah 32 25 15 15 10 24 T & 1. d . Var. 16° 48' (1816). Marsa Zoraik, Youdi, rock 26 50 14 48 25 [I], y. Village nearly 4' east. -<-. Marsa ZUiten, marabut ... I 5 14 32 58 1, l,W.ofOrir cliff. Vr. 16° 30', (1817) Marsa Ougrah, Tabiapoint 2 50 14 22 X. || of thcKhahan, or Kanafa. _^ 350. IiEFHSMaGNAj citadel ... 38 40 14 15 40 t in offing. Var. 10° 20'; Dii)55°o' (1817).
456 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Tkipoli. O / II O / II Lebidah, mosque 32 39 30 14 11 40 Village, with olive groves. =f Marsa Ligatah 32 40 40 14 13 X. In summer, $'. r<.
Merkib tower 32 39 10 14 9 21 Commanding station. Selineh, Roman ruin 32 37 5Q 14 10 Fortified eminence. Emsalatah, mosque 32 35 30 13 58 1250 feet. Medina Dugha, the gussar 32 32 13 40 Extensive ruins. Garatila Mils, S.W.ex. ... 30 37 30 14 8 45 Peak in distant range. .2 Ghirrza, high tomb 31 7 17 14 40 50 Var. 16° 10' (1817). 85 feet deep. SWadi Zemzem, Roman well 31 35 14 38 Benhoulat tower 31 28 10 14 18 15 Of the lower ages. Var. 16° 0' (1817). f. 870 f. 3Beniolid (Beni Walid) castle 31 45 38 14 12 10
O-(J &Wadi Denahr, Orfilli tents 31 52 10 14 3 50 Fertile spot. Mhaddra, spring 32 8 49 13 47 40 Var. 17° 5' (1817). 990 f. |Wadi Tinsiwah 32 15 13 43 Cultivated in patches. OWeled-bu-Merian pass 32 21 40 13 34 22 (Atilad' ebn Maryun). oTarhouna, Melghra rocks 32 23 15 13 32 20 Summit, 920 to 1150 f. Rom. well, 2' from Melghra 32 24 52 13 31 40 170 feet deep. &Saiah grounds 32 28 37 13 16 40 Var. 16° 40' (1817), f. Intzarrah (Nasdrd ?) .. 32 49 25 13 16 35 First wells. Wahryan Hills, castle 32 7 50 13 2 10 Fine country. ^ 3300. J Ras Buswarah, pitch 32 44 40 14 1 30 || of stream Sidi Abdellata. Ras al Hamra, cove ruins 32 46 29 13 53 50 X. Var. 16° 18' (1817). *-. Wad al Ramil, marabut. .
.
32 47 30 13 35 || of the Ramil, or Sand river. Ras Tajourah, pitch 32 54 28 13 21 10. 1. Town is within the cape, f
.
Tripoli, Consul's villa 32 54 15 13 12 28 Var. 16° 35'; Dip 55° 14' ; Int. 230 (1821). ¥.
32 54 47 13 11 23 (Setif). Chronometer-sight station. Tripoli, Basha's castle ... 32 53 56 13 10 58 HI, but enter !. In the road $'. Tripoli vecchio, fort 32 49 50 12 26 26 E. 1. In off-shore winds $. Zoarah, marabut 32 54 46 12 3 59 X. Towards the S.E. f. *-. Ras al MaJchabez 33 7 20 11 42 35 || of [X]. Outsider. Var. 16° 20' (1822).33 15 57 11 22 20 || large lake H. Outside $'. *-.
S. P(3 Zera spit-rock 33 24 11 21 . Inside $'. nh. 33 29 50 11 10 10 Boundary of Tripoli in 1816.
Tunis.
Ougla, Ras Mamorah 33 31 40 11 9 45 T. 1. Off it, t. *. Jerbah, Boukal castle 33 41 8 11 21 II ofAl Kantarah ; to fine EE but for bars. rr.Jekbah, Castle Zoug 33 52 54 10 52 58 Var. 15° 58'; Dip 55° 0' (1822). tf. Jerbah, fort Jelis , 33 51 57 10 44 30 Outside the fishery flats, $'. f
.
r-, $. Hi.wat.3h 10m Kashr Natah, ruin 33 35 40 10 27 . Rise &fall 5±ft.Khabs, or Kabes, fort 33 52 58 10 4 16 || Wad al Rif, or Khabs river. 1.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 457Place. Latitude. Longitude. Notanda.
Tunis. Taflamdh anchorage
Sidi Midhil, landing-place
i Sfakus, mole-head
Sidi Masour tower Ras Kadija, or Cape Vada
Karkenah Is. Dazak tower Karkenah Is-. Gherba tower
C. Africa, Mehdiyah castle Leptis Parva, ruins of Monastir, fort Akdir Kuryah isles, outermost . .
.
Susah, the castle flag Herklah, minaret
Jebel Zawan, or Zaghwan
Hammamat, mosque
Cape Mahmur, pitch Ras Mustafa, Kalybia fort Cape Bon, summit tower... Sidi Daoud, marabut
Zembra, or Zowamir
Tail of Keith's reef Skerki shoals A dventure Bank
A dventure Bank
Tunis bay, Cape Zafran ... Mount Ilammam Lynf ... Goletta, Halk-al-wad fort Tunis, kobbeh, Kabeira ... Tunis, Cape Carthage Port Farina, arsenal Cape Farina, marabut Kamla, Piana, or Watiahl. Cape Zebib, the pitch Kelb, Cane, or Dog rocks... Bizertah, or Benzert castle Bizertah, Jcbd Ixhk'tl Ras Abiad, or Cape Bianco A hwat-kebir ( Fratclli j Galita, the Gallo rock
Galita, Sugar-loaf peak ... Galitona, centre
Sorelle rocks, nearly aivash
34 4 45 34 17 34 43 56 34 48 21 35 9 58 34 4S 10 34 38
35 30 26
35 39 43
35 45 23
35 47 20
35 50
35 59 10 36 23 36 23 27
36 20 58
36 49 57 37 4 50
37 20
37 6 37
37 50
37 44 53
37 32
37 n 30 36 52
36 39 10 36 48 25 36 45 50 36 52 3 37 10 10 37 10 43 37 K) 48 37 16 20
37 21 12 37 16 36
37 7 12
37 10 32 37 18 14
37 33 7 37 30 66
37 29 45
37 2 1
9 57
10 1 58
10 39 50
10 47
11 10
11 15 30
10 54 16
11 6 51
10 51 40
10 48 53
11 . 3 30
10 35 56
10 30
10 5 10 38 15
10 58 58
11 8 30
11 3 36
10 55 10 10 48 29
11 8 10 45 15
11 44 40
12 7 10 36 10
10 20 10 16 40
10 39
10 19 29
10 8 10
10 14 25
10 17 56
10 45
10 4 15
9 49 20
9 36
9 47 2
9 22 24
8 57 38
8 54 17
8 52 54
8 36 30
$ ofvessels for Khabs. Var. 16° 40' (1822)
W\ inside Zurkenis. _£: to Jebel Thelj. m. Var. 17° 10' in 1822. *. 1
60 ft. S. point of Karkenah ||. !. Tower 54 ft. N. pnt. of Karkenah ||. !. 40 feet. Low and d. 7-. *£ . r-r. 40 feet. T. f. ^. Var. 17° 0' (1822).
1. *. Var. 16° 55' in 1822.
_^: to town of Lamta. f
.
m. Var. 16° 38' in 1822.
Coniglieri. T. rr. Var. 17° 10' (1822). $ off the moles, with !. f. 1. On an eminence. Var. 17° 0' (1822).
_-£ s*_ 3900 feet. A good sea-mark. V by T. Var 17° 10' (1822).
-U _^ to Nabal and Mahmur.
1. At point, (3. Var. 16° 44' (1822). 1176 feet. T & 1, but tQ
. ^.
12 in Hamar cove. Var. 16° 50' (1816)
,
Landing place. _^ to 1560 ft. 1. S . ("Adventure $, 20 fins. Blown off at night
< (1822). Lat. by run from Maretimo; Lon.
(.assumed from Captain Durban. My $age 1816, 3' W.S.W. of S. Bank. My $age in 13 fins., 1816. Brokn.bttm. My $age in 8 fins., 1816.
1. By natives, Eas al Durdas. 1075. 1217.^toJebelIrsas(Piombo),1720ft.
||. HI. $'. Var. 17° 40', Dip 56° 48', 1822. Marabut on _^ ^_ nr. lndng. place. *~. Light 406. _^toSidiBuse'id(ityrsa). *•.
|| of the Majerdah, & Bushatta. *. S in || to isle, with ! ¥ . 1. Var. 17° 20' in 1822. *.
|| to Kelb, d . ^ M. Shapta, 2000.
Brkn.grnd.buttf . * . Var. 18° 10' (1822). ^.
|| two lakes, t. Var. 18° 0' (1822). 1750 feet. Mark for inner lake. Tower. _^ to 950 feet. ¥ . 279. T & 1, except N.E. U- T & 1. Lo- *„ with !. ^.
_^^1038.$'.M.Guar(lia,117:U rrJL8 B^ISSS). 484.Aguglia,37!>. T &1,$ . $ in||8. ^.
1, therefore very 8. !.
458 THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Place.
Tunis. Ras al Munshihar
Cape Negro, summit
Tabarkah, castle A Ikaldh, or La Gala Algeria. Ras al Bufahal, or Rosa... Bonah, citadel Ras al Hamrah (Mavera) Tuhush islet, centre Ras Hadid (Cape Ferro) . .
.
Cape Filfillah (Pepper) ... Storah, old pier Ramacli isle, summit
Kolah, Hussein chapel Ras al Ferjan (Bujaroni) Al Imam rock
Jijeli, minaret Ras Jemel (Cape Cavallo) Mount Babora, summit . .
.
Bujeyah, castle Cape Carbon
Pisan isle, the well Cape Sigli, the pitch Mount Jujerah
Mars-el-Fahm, cove Cape Tedles, the pitch
Dellys, landing-place
Cape Bengut, summit Ras Temedfus (Matifuz) . .
.
Algiers, mole-light
Algiers, Emperor's castle... Ras Akkonada, C. Caxme
Ras al Hamous, tarfBatal
Zerzahal, or Chershel Ras Nakkus (Cape Tenez) Dnis, or Tenez, mmaret ... Jeze'ir alHamman (Palomas) Ras Jebel Iddis (Cape Ivi) Mosta-ghanem, centre Marsa Arzaw, fort Ras Mishat (Cape Ferrat) Aguglia rock
Latitude.
37 13 54
37 5 36 56 25 36 51 57
36 55 15 36 54 2 36 57 58
37 5 56 37 5 10 36 54
36 54 53
36 58 45
37 59
37 6 58
37 38
36 50
36 47
36 34
36 45 45
36 46 43
36 49 31
36 53
36 25
36 53 15 36 54 12 36 55 10 36 56
36 48 58 36 47 31 36 46 50
36 49 36 36 37 50
36 36 31 36 32 40
36 30
36 25 58
36 5 45
35 57
35 51 36 35 54 50
35 54
Longitude.
1055 20
42 19 24 43
8 13
7 47 53
7 49 30
7 22 30
7 10 57 7-6
6 53 5
6 43 15
6 34 55
6 28 6
6 15 42 46 50
36 30 30
8 22
8 30
2 15
481125 10
11 15 56 25 54
13
4 18
2 57
17 23 54
10 53
21 48
1 19 15 55 36
12 40
6 20
16 lOw
21 40w
26 25w
Notanda.
(CapeSerrat). T &1. Var. 17° 58' (1822).Coast 1. *•. $ . IS. $'. Var. 17° 40' (1822). 375 feet.S. Boundary of Tunis & Algeria. f.
j & 1, except at base. *-. *-. 398, _^to 2600. *'. Var. 18° 0' (1813).j & 1. Guardia new lighths. 466. -r.d , with !. $ . nr. The islet. T & 1. Inside t, with !. Summit, 2500 feet. *. Base 1.
$'. Var. 17° 50' in 1813. j & 1. Height 200 feet. ^.
500 feet. Var. 18° 0' in 1813. t. Nrthmst.oftlie7 Capes. L t . ^to 2800.f.Inbay $ off|| wadal Kabir. _^to 3600.^.\M. Var. 18° 37' in 1813. «-. j & 1. Summit 1500 feet, ^. 6300. Mark for Mansuryah cove. f.480 feet. Var. 18° 20' (1813). 630 ^ . _^ to 4000. T & 1. * . 1. d in ||. rr> Var. 18° 20' (1823). T & 1. S . Var. 18° 17' in 1823. 7000, summit of inland range.
$' in the road. j. ¥.
1. _^ to 3500 feet. *~. 1300. Summer,*'. Var. 18° 25' (1823).1. M. Bubarak 980 feet, _^ to 2000.Octagon fort. /3/3 at pitch. S. $,. Var. 19° 10' in 1813. 390 feet. Mark in taking $age.
-L. $ . _^. to Mount Abu-Zariah.
Islet at base. 1. _^ to about 3000.
00
.
In land winds $'. 1. _^ to 3500 ft. Var. 18° 37' (1813).A mark for the watering-place. 80 feet. In ||, 8 . *-. 1. _^ to 1000 feet. Coast-line j & 1. d . $'. New lighthouse, 62 feet. 1. $ . Summit, upwards of 2000.
180. I. Pharaoh's finger, by Moors.
THE AUTHOR'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 459Place.
Algeria.
Waharan, or Oran
Marsa Kebir, light Ras Harshfah (C. Falcon) Habiba isles, largest Ras Ishgun (Cape Fegalo) Karakal islet Mount Noe
Cape Malonia, pitch River Mahala, or Mulwia
Moeocco.
Cape Agua, pitch
Zafrin isles, centre one ... Mount Partz, summit
Melila, the baradero Ras-ud-Devr (Tres Forcas) Al Boran isle, summit Khozamah, or Al Buzema
Penon de Velez, flagstaff .
.
. Point Pescador, tower Tetuan, dogana tower Ceuta, Acho flagstaff Peregil isle, summit
Ape's Hill, western summit
Cape al Kazar, pitch
Tangier, citadel minaret Cape Spartel, the gap
Djeremias bay, landing-pl. Arzila, minaret
Jebel Habib
El Ara'ish, citadel
Latitude.
35 40 49
35 44 17 35 46 10
35 43 15 35 34 22
35 18 30
35 8 35 7 50
35 6 55
35 9 10
35 10 50
35 2 30
35 20 55
35 28 10
35 57 48
35 16 45
35 12 20
35 16 41
35 37 7 35 53 58
35 54 48 35 53 30
35 52 50
35 47 25
35 47 39
35 43
35 28 57
35 28
35 12 45
Longitude.
39 18w
41 58w
48 5w
1 7 56w
1 11 Ow
1 29 52w
1 42 Ow
2 8 40w
2 14 30w
2 24 25w
2 26 Ow
2 36 Ow
2 54 58w
2 57 16w
3 58w
3 47 36w
15 39w
42 Ow
18 38w
17 35w
25 23w
24 50w
34 Ow
48 26w
5 55 30w
5 56 18w
6 45w
5 43 Ow
6 8 32w
Notanda.
Hill fort. _^ to 1500.
118, ^ to 1500. m. 1 but !. _^ to 1800. Station, E. pitch. 280 feet. Var. 20° 30' in 1813. ^. T & I, but islet rocks at base. 190 feet. || for small craft. ^.
Nrly. 3000. Mark for capes Noe" &Hone.
1. ^to a flank of Atlas. ^ ^. 3500.
|| . Boundary Algiers & Morocco. ¥.
1. $. _^ towards the Atlas range. 130 feet. West isle, 440. $. ¥ . ^.
2600. Mark for Restinga, and Zafrin.
EH. t. Var. 20° 49' (1813). ¥ . j & 1, but $ . _^r. ^r. 68 feet. Var 20° 30' in 1813. ^.
Fortified rock. || of wad Nekkor.
Fortified rock, j & 1. ¥ . ^.
1, 7-. Town beyond. &.
|| river Tetuan. In W. winds, $'. 1, except N.W. point. $. Under Ape's hill. 1 but lr l
. ^-. JebelMoussa, or Sierra Bullones, 2200.
1, except close under. _^:. m. Var. 21° 50' in 1810. (Ras Shakkah). j & 1. 150 ft. _^. %8 . $' in East winds. ¥. Near || of Ayasha. Var. 22° 5' (1810). 2700. Mark for the coast, f.
II wad al Khos (Lucos). ¥.
460 CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Names of Places. Northern Coast of Candia : Spada, Cape, the summit
St. Theodore, island, North point Canea, town, the Castle Meleca, cape, North point
Drapano, cape, S.E. of Suda Bay
Retimo, town, centre Retimo, cape Santa Croce, cape, North point Candia, principal minaret
Standia islet, North summit
Paximada, islet, the summit Ovo rock, summit
Maglia point San Giovanni cape, summit
Spinalonga port, fort
Sitia, cape Yanis islands, summit of Cosua, northern islet East End op Candia : Sidera cape, summit
Lassa islet, S.E. point
Paleo-Castro, ruins Salomone cape, East point Yala cape South Coast of Candia : Christiana islets (Koupho-nisi), the southernmost ... Calderoni islets (Goeduro-nisi), N.E. pt. of westernmst.
Matala, cape Paximadi islets, summit of the largest
St. John, cape (Krio) Western mountain of Candia Mount Ida
Eastern mountain of Candia
Gozzo, great, of Candia, West point Gozzo, small, of Candia, middle
St. John, cape, Candia
Sordi, middle of isle, Candia Buso cape, Candia Garabusa islet, Candia Islands : Caravi rock, summit
Falconera, summit of the island Ananas rocks, the highest
Latitudes North.
o / // 35 40 30 35 31 20 35 28 40
35 35 5 35 27 10 35 22 17
35 25 52
35 25 54
35 21 00
35 27 20
35 26 40
35 37 50 35 19 15 35 19 10 35 17 00
35 14 20 35 22 00
35 17 40
35 15 25
35 10 10
35 09 13
35 03 00
34 53 05 34 52 35 34 55 05 34 59 40
35 15 35 35 22 48
35 13 19 35 06 46 34 52 00 34 56 15 35 27 45
35 34 20
35 36 38
35 35 00
36 46 25
36 50 40 36 32 45
CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 461
Names of Places.
Islands : Milo, summit of Mount St. Ella Paximado islet, S.W. ofMilo
Anti-Milo, summit
Pettini rocks, few feet above water, S.E. of Milo
Argentiera
St. Istada, island, anchorage of Argentiera
Polino, highest point of the island Siphanto, highest point of the island Policandro, highest point of the island Miconi, summit of the highest western mountain
Anti-Paro, highest point of the islet Strongilo, highest point of the islet Paros, summit of Mount St. Ella Naxia, summit of Mount Jupiter
Raclia, summit of islet Karo, summit of islet Amorgo-Poulo islet, summit . Nios, highest summit
Sikyno, highest summit
Santorin, highest summit
Christiani, summit of the highest islet Anaphi, summit of the island Anaphi-Poulo, summit of the largest islet Ponticusa, summit
Fidulce island, South point
Sramphalia, summit of Monte Veglia
Miconi, summit of Mount St. Elias Tino, summit
Andros, summit
Syra, summit
Jura, summit—(better Ghiour) Zea, summit of Mount St. Elias
Piperi, summit of the rock Hydra, summit
Serpho-Poulo, summit
S. Giorgio dArbora, summit
Egina, summit Greece : Athens, monument of Philopappus
Pieraeus, tomb of Themistocles
Corinth, castle Colonna, cape—temple of Sunium
Latitudes North.
Longitudes
East.
o / n O 1 II 36 40 27 24 23 19 36 37 40 24 19 10 36 47 42 24'14 38
36 38 00 24 35 35 36 49 20 24 33 28 36 46 16 24 36 00
36 46 10 24 39 02 36 58 04 24 42 40 36 37 03 24 55 10 37 29 15 25 21 27
36 59 39 25 03 32
36 56 40 24 58 20
37 02 46 25 11 23
37 01 50 25 31 09 36 49 28 25 28 03
36 53 29 25 39 56
36 36 54 25 42 39 36 42 44 25 20 54
36 39 51 25 06 53
36 20 52 25 28 26
36 14 40 25 12 50
36 22 21 25 47 14
36 16 00 25 51 00
36 31 48 26 17 08 36 31 25 26 09 45 36 32 12 26 19 40
37 29 06 25 21 18 37 35 01 25 14 21 37 50 08 24 50 27
37 28 56 24 55 33
37 36 36 24 43 18 37 37 18 24 21 45 37 18 15 24 31 53
37 19 58 23 28 44
37 15 17 24 36 00
37 28 14 23 55 47 37 42 05 23 29 53
37 57 57 23 43 24
37 55 51 23 37 44 37 53 37 22 52 10
37 39 12 24 01 39
462 CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Names of Places. Latitudes North.
37 39 06
37 52 51 38 10 47 37 44 23
37 45 38 03 36
38 09 59
38 49 46
38 37 43
39 24
39 08 25
39 06 58
39 01 59
39 09 42
39 10 11 39 26 17 39 47 53 40 04 32
39 56 53
40 19 59
40 37 03
39 31 00
39 53 42
40 10 36
40 26 57
41 08 31
41 01 44
41 00 12
41 14 10
41 15 30
41 19 20
41 25 40
41 29 55
41 33 05
41 36 45
41 39 00
41 45 30
41 48 45
41 52 35
Greece : Provengale, summit of islet Raphti, port, summit of islet Marathon, cape Mandri, port, sugar-loaf Makronisi, or Long island, northern summit
Negropont, St. Ella d'Oro, highest summit
•Kaloyeri, centre of the rock
Skyro, San Giorgio, summit of Mount Cochilo Negropont, Mount Delphi
Jura-nisi, or Devil's island Skopelo, Mount Delphos
Trikeri, mount, gulf of Volo .... .. Fetio, port, tower entering gulf of Volo
Trikeri, old, East side of gulf of Yolo
Halata islet, East side of gulf of Volo
Pelion, mount
Ossa, mount
Olympus, mount Turkey in Europe : Drepano, cape, or Trapano, summit
Mulliani, summit of the islet in the gulf of Mte. Santo Limpiada, summit, in Contessa gulf
Strati or Strachi, St., summit of islet Lemnos, summit of Mount Therma
Imbros, summit of the island Samothrace, summit
Tarapia, French palace, N.E. terrace Constantinople, palace of France at Pera
Constantinople, dome of St. Sophia Western Shores of the Black Sea:
Pharos of Europe
Kilios, castle Kara-Bourou, cape , Kaliondjik
Malhatrah, cape
Taliangieri Mediah, town Turkey in Europe, continued:
Serves, cape Sandal Limani, point
Ayo-Paoli, river Tersanah, village
CAPT. GAUTTLER'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 463Xames of Places. Turkey in Europe, continued: Kouri, cape, East of Inada anchorage
Resveh, cape
Babiah, mount , Ahteboli, town , Vassicos, village Zaitan, cape , Bagral-Altoun, cape
St. John's isle, entrance of Bourghaz gulf
Bourghaz town, minaret , Ahiouli island Mesembria, town
EmeneTi, cape .'.. Djoski, village KLara-Bouroun, cape Ak-Bouroun, cape
Ilidjah-Varni, cape
Galata, cape Varna, great Eastern tower
Soughanlik, cape, islet Batouvah, cape
Baldjik, town and port Kavarna, town and port Calagriah cape, ruins Chabler-Saghi, cape and old pharos
Khas-Ehas, mouth of Danube
SoulineTi, mouth of Danube, light Russia : Isle of Serpents, summit
Dniester, N.W. mouth
Fontan, cape and light Fountain point Odessa, lazaret Odessa, highest dome
Odessa, theatre Odessa, Custom-house
Odessa, N.E. point of the roadstead
Be're'zan islet, South bastion Adji Hassan, cape
Be're'zan, mouth of the river Kinbourn, N.W. sandy point
Kinbourn, barracks
Balise, North point of Tendra island
Latitudes Xorth. Longitude
East.
52 43 56 40 04 40 04 30 07 40 17 55 24 45
25 54
29 20
32 10 39 15
41 40
49 55
55 00 58 20
05 20
10 10
12 15 13 25
19 15 23 15 24 00 21 25
32 10 52 45 10 15
15 00
10 00
22 20
26 50
28 54 29 10 29 15
29 50
33 25
35 34
35 55
37 40
35 00
33 20
21 40
28 03 02 28 02 55
27 50 50 27 59 20 27 51 50 27 47 40 27 44 50
27 41 27 27 28 05 27 38 45 27 44 25 27 53 35
27 53 20 27 54 40 27 54 25
27 55 50
27 58 20 27 56 15 28 02 05 28 05 05
28 10 10 28 22 05
28 27 10 28 35 20
29 36 30
29 40 55
30 11 00 30 33 35
30 43 40
30 44 30
30 43 27 30 41 45 30 42 20
30 41 25 30 47 40
31 22 47
31 19 20
31 23 30
:;i 26 55
31 29 55
31 29 25
464 CAPT. GAUTTLER'S MAEITIME POSITIONS.
Names of Places. Latitudes North. LongitudesEast. Russia : Fort on low point South of Otchakof
Otchakof, the dome
Ceimea : Karamnoune, cape Tarkhan, cape and light Kazelof, low S.W. point, four miles distant , Kazelof, principal dome , Krasnoiars, village Zamrouk, village Alma, river Loukoul, cape Katcha, cape
Belbek, river Outchquikal, point
Sevastopol, highest house of the Lazaret
Sevastopol, dome of hospital Sevastopol, steeple of St. Nicholas Chersonese lighthouse
Fiolente, cape
St. George, village Balaklava, entrance of the port
A'ia, summit of the cape
Saritche, cape
Kerkines, cape
A'itodor, cape
Nikita, point
Tckandirdag, mount, S.W. point of the table. Lioudag, cape, South point
Lioudag, summit
Alouchti, town
Limani, cape Soudak, village Alcessan, cape Meganome, cape
Karadof, cape Kiatlama cape, the rock
Caffa, East point of Lazaret
Caffa, town-house
Theodosia, cape Tchaouda, cape
Jeltchankaleli, rock Karak, cape
46 35 50
46 36 25
45 25 35
45 21 35
45 06 55
45 09 05
45 00 45 44 54 45
44 50 50
44 50 45 44 46 15 44 39 50
44 37 55 44 35 58
44 34 55 44 35 25
44 34 25 44 29 15
44 29 30
44 28 55
44 24 40 44 22 00 44 22 05
44 23 30 44 29 25
44 44 40 44 32 10 44 33 05
44 41 00 44 48 05 44 50 10 44 49 45 44 46 40 44 53 10 44 54 35
45 01 24
45 01 37
45 00 43 44 59 54
45 01 31
45 02 25
31 31 0031 30 5532 31 0532 31 2033 14 1033 19 4533 37 2533 36 4033 32 3033 32 1533 29 4033 32 0533 29 2533 29 11 33 31 2033 31 3533 20 5033 27 3533 29 0533 34 4033 39 10S3 44 2033 56 3534 05 10 34 13 45 34 18 2034 19 5034 11 2034 26 0034 56 2534 59 3535 00 1035 06 4035 15 1035 23 0535 24 4735 23 3335 26 15 35 52 3036 16 2436 18 04
CAPT. GAUTTEER'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 465Names of Places. Crimea : Takli, cape Ak-Bouroun, tumulus on the point Kertch, town
JenikaleTi, town Kouban : Taman, town
Taman, cape, islet off. Kiheli, cape Kouban, river, low point Coast of the Abases : Anapa, West part of the town
Isussup, cape, peninsula 10 miles S.S.E. of Anapa
Sougoujak, S.W. entrance of the bay
Guelinjik, mid-entrance to the port
Pchiat, East point of entrance Voulan, mid-entrance Kodos, West point Soubachi, river Vardan, N.W. point of entrance Peak of the Caucasus
Mama'i, river , . Soutchali, N.W. point
Zengui, cape
Ardler, cape
Kentchili, river Pitsiounta, low point, 2 miles S.W. of
Pitsiounta, end of the gulf Soukoum-Kaleh, N.E. bastion Soukoum village, or ruins of Dandar Mingrelia : Kodor, mouth of the river Iskouria, cape
Jeniche'ri, village
Isiret, cape and river
Ilori, fort Koule, redoubt Coast of the Lazes:
Phase, new fort on the island Tckehelil, village and redoubt Tchourouk, town
Sikindsi, cape
Me'andjour, tower
Latitudes North.
Longitudes
East.
O / M o / H 45 04 30 36 27 36
45 19 05 36 29 45
45 21 29 36 28 54
45 21 12 36 36 16
45 13 40 36 43 50
45 09 10 36 37 35
45 06 52 36 43 55
45 05 30 36 54 40
44 54 21 37 16 04
44 45 15 37 22 40
44 39 00 37 46 40 44 31 00 38 07 20
44 22 20 38 19 35 44 20 25 38 31 00
44 16 55 38 42 20 44 09 25 38 59 45 44 06 15 39 02 05
43 56 30 39 51 35
43 53 25 39 18 45 43 42 35 39 33 00
43 30 40 39 44 40 43 22 55 39 56 20
43 20 35 40 10 20
43 08 20 40 19 40
43 09 45 40 21 50
42 59 20 41 00 13
42 58 10 41 02 35
42 50 34 41 04 20
42 47 00 41 10 00
42 43 50 41 29 30
42 27 00 41 30 24
42 24 20 41 32 20
42 14 12 41 38 35
42 07 30 41 40 00
41 54 40 41 45 40
41 49 15 41 46 20
41 46 10 41 43 40
41 43 40 41 42 35
II II
466 CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Names of Places. Anatolia : Batoum, town
Batoum, tower on the cape
G-ounieli, town
GounieTi, cape Makria, town
Khoppa, village Arkava, town
Yitze*, village Boulep, village Laros, fort Kemer, cape Mapavreh, village
BizeTi, town
Foudji, cape
Mahane", village Komourkiando, village HeVaclia, cape
Falcos, village .. Trebizonde, French Consulate, East of the town
Platana, village Akche'-Kale'h, village Ioroz, cape
Skie'fie', town
Koureleli, cape .. HeleTiou, village Kara-Bouroun, cape
Tirboli, town
Espey, village Zephira, cape Kessap, village Arhentias, island Kdr^soun, town
Aio-Vassil, village and cape
Aio-Vassili, cape
Postipey, cape Yona, cape Yason, cape
Fatsah, town
Ouni^h, town
St. Nichola, point Therme", mouth of river Therme", cape
Latitudes North.
o t a 41 38 40
41 40 00
41 36 00
41 35 15
41 30 15
41 24 50
41 23 00
41 17 25
41 12 25
41 10 30
41 09 20
41 06 20
41 02 25
41 02 30
40 56 10
40 55 45
40 58 05 40 57 00
41 01 00
41 02 05
41 05 30
41 06 55
41 04 30
41 05 45
41 03 30
41 03 40
41 01 00
40 57 50
40 59 30 40 56 30 40 57 35 40 57 10
40 58 35
41 00 40
41 01 40
41 07 05
41 08 15
41 02 45
41 09 50
41 10 30
41 13 15
41 18 30
CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 467
Barnes of Places. Latitudes North.
Longitudes
East. Anatolia : Kiatli-Bassi, cape
Tcherchembeli, cape Samsoun, town
Samsoun, cape
Kizil-Irmack, point
Aladjani, village Guerzeli, town
Sinope town, the castle Boz-depeli, cape
Pachi, cape
IndgeTi, cape KerempeTi, cape
Kidros, village Sagra, mountain
Delikli-Chili, viUage
Amasserah, cape, 0>\ miles N.E
Amasserah, summit of peninsula
Bartin, village
Filiouz, village on peninsula
Guelimili, cape Baba, cape
Heraclea, light Kara river, the mouth
Sakaria river, mouth
Melin town
Kefken, centre of island Kerpen, cape
Chili, tower
Cianee of Asia, northern Pharos of Asia Eastern Archipelago : Tenedos, summit of Mount St. Elias Metelin, summit of Mount Ordymnus
Metelin, summit of Mount Olympus
Ipsera, summit of Mount St. Elias
Scio, summit of St. Elias, at North end Hourlac islet, summit, gulf of Smyrna
Carabourno, mount, entrance of Smyrna gulf Samos, summit of Mount Querki
Nicaria, highest summit
Nicaria, West summit
H H 2
41 21 20
41 22 35 41 20 31
41 12 30
41 45 20
41 38 40
41 48 45 42 02 30
42 03 00 42 06 40
42 07 57
42 02 01
41 56 09
41 48 01
41 49 19
41 48 50
41 45 27
41 33 52
41 34 10
41 32 27
41 20 54
41 17 08
41 06 55
41 09 24
41 06 54
41 14 15
41 13 36
41 10 48
41 14 20
41 13 00
50 14
15 00
04 17 35 38 33 42 26 32
31 33
43 46
31 15
31 09
36 51 45 36 39 20 36 21 52
36 22 05
35 57 48
35 39 20
36 13 10 35 09 50
35 13 10 35 01 00 34 56 30 33 19 10 32 59 24
32 50 20
32 38 26
32 27 00 32 21 20
32 14 04
32 02 15
31 53 36
31 26 28
31 24 52
30 56 20
30 39 10 31 07 00
30 17 02
30 16 10 29 36 52
29 15 00
29 09 20
26 03 50
25 57 42
26 22 13 25 36 04 26 01 00 26 47 01 26 31 38 26 38 26
26 02 55 26 02 43
468 CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Names of Places. Latitudes North. Eastern Archipelago:
Nicaria, East summit
Miletus point, or Cape Tree Patmos, summit of the island Bove rock, middle Lero islet, summit of Mount Clido
Zinaro, summit
Cos, or Stancho, summit of Monte Cristo
Crio, summit of the cape
Nicero, summit of the island Madonna, summit of the island
Piscopi, summit of the island
Safrania, summit of the largest Placa, summit of the island San Giovanni, summit of the island Plana island, summit
Adelphi or Fratelli islets, largest southernmost
Stazida island, middle Caxo islet, South point Scarpanto, North point Scarpanto, South point
Scarpanto-poulo, North point
Yah, S.E. of Piscopi, summit
Crio, cape on the main, S.W. point
Carki, summit of island Clalavalda, West point of Rhodes
Limonia island, summit , Simia island, West point
Diamond, summit of Simia
St. Catherine's island, South of Rhodes
St. George's Cape, N.W. point of Rhodes
Volno, cape
A.delphi, or Three Brothers, 4ft.abv.water, S.ofRhodes
Chevalier, cape
Citadel of Rhodes town, Cape St. John
Barbanicolo, summit of island Rhodes town, Mill point Rhodes town, end of mole, North of light Marmara cape, South point of entrance to the port Ginacri cape, West point of entrance to Gulf of Macri Macri gulf, S.E. point Baba island, summit
Caraguachi island, entrance of Porto Fisquo
o / „ O / ff 37 36 26 26 170737 21 11 27 131337 17 02 26 351937 14 24 25 562537 10 44 26 512236 58 42 26 173836 49 56 27 140936 44 05 27 345036 35 16 27 110236 30 31 26 572836 26 22 27 205336 25 11 26 382436 04 11 26 251436 20 51 26 414335 51 25 26 153035 49 40 26 290035 53 20 26 510035 18 20 26 524035 50 30 27 11 3035 23 30 27 13 0035 54 20 27 123036 22 15 27 285536 39 20 27 25 0036 13 20 27 35 0536 07 35 27 41 2036 17 25 27 43 0536 34 40 27 47 1536 34 40 27 520535 52 00 27 45 3536 22 50 27 564036 34 15 27 57 553 35 50 20 27 551536 34 10 28 02 2036 30 50 28 04 0536 36 15 28 07 2036 27 35 28 12 0536 26 53 28 13 3336 42 40 28 16 5536 34 25 28 48 5536 32 10 28 58 2536 38 40 28 38 3536 41 50 28 26 45
CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS. 469Karnes of Places. Latitudes North.
Longitudes
East.
O 1 11 O / II 36 20 00 29 11 30
36 06 35 29 35 00 36 10 25 29 54 30
36 10 30 30 26 15 36 12 45 30 25 55
36 40 00 31 37 50
36 31 20 32 00 40 36 10 55 32 21 35 36 00 50 32 50 15
35 06 20 32 16 35
35 23 50 32 57 10 35 19 30 33 09 05
35 19 30 33 23 20
35 41 40 34 37 30
35 07 40 33 59 10
34 57 05 34 06 30 34 55 13 33 39 37 34 54 31 33 40 20
34 49 55 33 38 20
34 41 15 33 03 50
34 32 50 33 01 40
34 39 20 32 40 20
34 47 20 32 26 25
36 07 30 33 43 45 36 10 30 33 47 20
36 12 45 33 57 40
36 31 35 34 18 50
36 46 30 34 46 50
36 29 45 35 23 15
36 16 00 35 49 35
35 52 10 35 51 00
35 30 30 35 48 00
35 19 45 35 55 55
35 09 00 35 56 30 34 50 25 35 51 55 34 26 22 35 51 33 34 19 30 35 42 30
33 49 45 35 28 05
33 34 05 35 23 45
Caramania : Seven Capes, South point, Caramania Red Castle island, South point Cacamo isle, East point Khelidonia, islet off the cape, South point Khelidonia, cape Karabournou, point
Alaya nova
Ce'htibournou, cape
Anamouzi-vecchio, South point of Caramania Cyprus : Salizano, cape
Cormachiti, cape
Cerina, peak
Cerina, town
St. Andrew, cape Famagosta, town
Grego, cape Larnaca town, French Consul' s garden
Larnaca, N. E. point of the town, Mr. Rey's house
Chiti cape, tower
Limasol, town
Gatto cape, S.E. point Bianco, cape Paphos, town
Caramania, completed : Cavalier cape, South point of the peninsula Provencale island, South point
Bagascia tongue, South point
Lamas, town at the mouth of the Tarsus town, beach
Malo, cape, S.W. point
Syria : Canzir cape, Syria
Possidi, cape
Lataquie', town
Caria, or Gibili, town La Marca, town
Tortosa, island and town
Tripoli town, French Consulate, North of castle ... Madone, cape
Barut, cape
Se'ide, town
470 CAPT. GAUTTIER'S MARITIME POSITIONS.
Names of Places. Steia : Sour, or ancient Tyre . .
.
Bianco, cape
St. Jean dAcre, town... Carmel, cape
Cesare'a, ruins
Jaffa, town
Ascalon, ruins El-Arish, fort Egypt : Kacazo'im, cape, Egypt
Aboukir, tower
Alexandria, light-house
Latitudes North.
33 17 00
33 05 10
32 54 35
32 51 10
32 32 25
32 03 25
31 39 00
31 05 30
31 10 40
31 20 35
31 12 53
LongitudesEast.
35 14 4035 07 3535 06 2534 59 4034 54 5034 46 1534 33 0033 48 3033 03 3030 06 2029 54 50
APPENDIX.

473
THE OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA.
FROM the great political changes, and increased intercourse among
nations in late years, it is difficult to recollect how much the coast of Barbaiy was dreaded by seamen and sojourners some forty years ago; insomuch that travellers on its shores were all but unknown. Whenthe general peace of 1815 took place, my attention was strongly drawn
to that quarter ; and I had frequent conferences with Sir C. V. Penrose
my commander-in-chief—on the subject. One of my first consultations with that excellent admiral, was upon the feasibility of examining the
ports, and numerous ancient relics of Tunis; for it was impossible to be
at work in this sea without imbibing an antiquarian taste, and my recent
operations in Sicily had almost brought me to the shores of Carthage.
But being still in the borrowed Sicilian gun-boat, my movements could
naturally be only on a very confined scale. While in a state of suspense on these matters, Lord Exmouth made
his memorable visit to the Barbary States, in the spring of 1816, for the
abolition of Christian slavery ; on hearing which, I immediately went to Valetta, and conferred with Sir Charles on the subject, hinting that such
a vessel as mine—for with a light draught of water she mounted a 68- pounder carronade, and two Congreve rocket ladders—might be welcome
to his lordship. My wishes were at once strengthened by the warm
recommendations of the Admiral, insomuch that I started off that same
evening, and quickly joined the squadron in Tunis Bay, being there most
kindly received by Lord Exmouth. Here matters being amicably adj ustcd with the Bey, as they had just been with the Dey of Algiers, we
sailed for Tripoli, where affairs were also satisfactorily settled; and this beautifully moral cruise for ever quashed the odious white slavery which
had been so long and so shamefully submitted to. On the terms being ratified, I accompanied Lord Exmouth when he made his take-leave visit to the Bashaw of Tripoli, and prevailed on him
to make a formal request—which in this instance almost amounted to a
condition—for me to be permitted to visit Lebida after the departure of the squadron, there to examine some ancient architectural relics, which
the Bashaw, at the instance of our Consul-general, Colonel Warrington,
had recently offered for the acceptance of our Prince Regent. This
474 APPENDIX.
enabled me to enter upon a long-meditated field of inquiry ; and the con- sequences were so successful as to enlarge our geographical knowledge,and to lead to the journeys of Eitchie and Lyon—Oudney, Denham, andClapperton—and, lastly, of Richardson, Overweg, Barth, and Yogel.
It was therefore thought, that the circumstances which opened so important a highway might be added as an Appendix to this work ; andlast August (1853), having requested permission to consult the original
letters in the archives of the Admiralty, my wishes were so considerately
met, that the reader is presented with nearly all the correspondence
relating to the steps which led to the above-mentioned expeditions.
To these papers is added the copy of a letter to Lord Melville, which waswritten two or three years afterwards • which, though it did not relate to the question then most prominent, was meant to procure the examination of the Syrtis Major and the Cyrenaica. {See page 376.) In these documents the orthography of the names might now beimproved, for it was very difficult, with my imperfect knowledge of Arabic, to spell from the enunciation of the natives ; but it is deemedbest to give the copies as they were written on the spot. They thus showthe impression at the time; and though they exhibit conclusions whichmere hearsay led us to adopt, even when the responses to set questions were obtained with considerable difficulty, still they comprise the only
information then obtainable in that quarter. Here follow the letters in chronological order :

Satellite, at Malta, May 21, 1816.
Sir,—I request you to inform their Lordships that I had recommended to Captain
Smyth (on the surveying duty) to proceed to Tunis and Tripoli, to take advantage of Lord Exmouth's countenance and presence ; and, at the same time, having heard that the Bey of Tripoli had offered the antiquities of Lebida to H.R.H. the Prince Regent, and the communication had been made to H.M. Government on the subject, I
directed his inquiries to them, and feel it my duty to forward a copy of the statement made to me by Captain Smyth, to their Lordships, in justice to the merit of that officer
;
and to state to their Lordships, in case application is made to remove any part of the
said antiquities, that it must be done in summer, as there is anchorage only on the open
coast, except for vessels of small burden.—I have the honour, &c.,
C. V. Penrose, Rear-Admiral. John Wilson CroJcer, Esq. &c. &c. &c. The Enclosure.
Marsamuscetto, May 14, 1816.
Sir,—I have to report my arrival in this harbour from Tripoli, which place I left on the morning of the 10th inst., having taken on board two Christian slaves—Bruno
Spagnolo and Marco Polto, who were brought from Zoaro, and a deserter from H.M.ship Myrmidon—Robert Lee, who had been picked up in the country, since the de- parture of the squadron under Lord Exmouth.* By several observations which I
* The Bashaw declining to let him embrace Mahomedanism, on the ground that a bad Christian would never make a good Turk.
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 475
made, the whole coast of this Regency is laid down in the charts several miles too far to the eastward ; for the martello tower in Tripoli is in latitude 32° 53' 45" north, and
longitude 13° & 25", by a good chronometric run from Tunis, compared with some
angular lunar distances. I took the opportunity of my introduction to the Bashaw, by Lord Exmouth, to request permission to visit the ruins of Lebida, agreeably to your instructions, and
found him extremely ready to grant every assistance I might require, as in addition to the camels, mules, and dragomen, he sent two of his own chiaus or couriers, without whom it would be very difficult to procure an article of subsistence from the Arabs.
After a journey of about seventy miles, partly over a desert and partly over a fine country, the approach to Lebida is indicated for several miles to the W.N.W. of it, by
the many remains of ancient edifices. The city formerly called Ptolemaea,* Leptis, and Lepida, with its immediate suburb,
occupies a space of about 8000 yards, the principal part of which is covered with a
fine light sand, which drifting with the wind along the beach, has been arrested in its progress by the ruins, and has doubtlessly been the means of preserving many fine specimens of art, if a judgment can be formed by the beautiful scattered capitals, cornices, and fragments of arabesque sculpture, which are lying in every direction. The
materials are also the richest I have seen in such extensive quantity, for it appears to have been a profuse mass of porphyry, granitic porphyry, oriental granite, and gial- antique, and marbles of every description. Most of the walls, gates, and public build- ings were composed of massy blocks of freestone and breccia, in layers without cement

and the temples have been executed in a style of the utmost grandeur, adorned with immense columns, all of a single piece in the shaft, and were generally of the Ionic or Corinthian orders ; but I saw also several blocks of architrave ornamented with tri- glyphs, and two or three cyathiform capitals, which led me to suppose that a Doric temple of earlier date than the others had been erected here ; and, on a triple plinth near them, I observed what I deemed to have been a species of socle used in those
structures, as the base of a Doric column, part of the walls of a cella to the same may
also be distinguished, of which the columns forming the peristyle stood outside. The city was encompassed by strong walls of solid masonry, ornamented with magnificent gates and spacious porticoes. It abounded with splendid public edifices, the remains of which are so numerous, that without excavation there may be immediately removed upwards of thirty complete shafts of columns, in single blocks of variegated
marble, from 18 to 20 inches diameter, four of 26 inches, and three of the immense
circumference of 11| feet. Of oriental granite may be obtained upwards of twenty
shafts, from 14 to 18 inches diameter, and there are about eighteen of porphyry, from
22 to 30 inches, exclusive of large blocks of entablature, cornice, and architrave. It was divided from its principal suburb to the east, by a river, the mouth of which formed
a spacious basin, and was the harbour. This was defended at the narrow entrance by
two stout fortifications, which are in considerable preservation, and a small rivulet oc- cupies the bed of the river, and falls into the sea between them. At a little more than a mile and a half to the westward of these ruins, and about
half a mile from the beach, are situated the two small villages now called Lebida, in- habited by a race of inoffensive and civil Moors, who attend to the cultivation of the
adjacent country, and the rearing of cattle, sheep, and goats.f On the beach is a small
* I was here misled by a local antiquary. + A great part of this plain is laid out in fields of corn, durrah, pulse, &c, inter- spersed with groves of olive, pomegranate, and date trees, among which are a few
vineyards ; but a great portion of the produce is annually destroyed by the gundy nit, and a species of jerboa (probably the fivg S'iitovq of Cyrenian coins), which greatly infest
all the grounds, yet no means are used to destroy them.
476 APPENDIX.
port, open to the S.E. winds, formed by several projecting rocks, where a couple oi transports, and the lighters requisite to be employed in embarking the columns, mightbe secure. From this bay to the entrance of the river, the beach is shallow ; but at the ruins of the westernmost fortress, I imagine those weighty masses might be removed,
provided the necessary machinery and tackles were at hand. The whole coast wouldoffer a summer anchorage. But it is not so much the columns that I imagine the value of this present to consist in, as in the fine field offered for a gratifying and productive system of excavation
;
for temples constructed with such costly materials must also have been enriched with
statues and bas-reliefs. I therefore, on my return to Tripoli, mentioned to the Bashawthe necessity there would be for a party remaining some time in the neighbourhood
;
when he not only gave his full permission to that effect, but promised also to send someof his own chiaus and janizaries to attend on, and be useful to such a party.
It would be an eligible thing to appoint a person from the consul's office to remainon the spot, as he would not only give information relative to the supplies of the
country, but would prevent the natives from mutilating the columns, particularly those
of granitic porphyry, which they frequently do to make millstones, &c, of ; and not long ago a fine statue was discovered, which being too ponderous to remove, the head wasstruck off and taken away.
Colonel Warrington, the Consul-G-eneral, accompanied me, and manifests great zeal to exert himself in procuring men as labourers, or in any way you may think proper to
direct, on this service.—I remain, &c,
W. H. Smith, Commander, R.N.
Rear-Admiral Sir C. V. Penrose, K.C.B.
&c. &c. &c. An echo of this letter was written to Sir Thomas Maitland, theGovernor of Malta, of which a copy was also forwarded to the Admiralty; but as the General had directed my attention to another object ofinquiry, the communication contains the following addition :

On the subject of the mountain of salt near Tripoli, mentioned by your Excellency
to my attention, from a number of considerations and inquiries, I imagine it to be the
only one of the several that have been long supposed to exist in these parts ; and it would appear that even the ancients were fully acquainted with the saline properties of
the soil, than which no country on the face of the earth was stated to produce so muchnitric salt. Herodotus, Pliny, and Strabo, give minute details of several of these
hills ; which descriptions seem to have been confirmed beyond doubt in 1726, by Dr. Shaw, in his account of the Lesser Syrtis. But as I had not sufficient leisure to ex- amine the place myself, I only call your Excellency's attention to this supposition (of that being the site), in order that, if an opportunity should offer, samples from each
hill might be collected and compared, for the purpose of ascertaining by analysis, whether each of the masses is impregnated with a similar proportion of nitre. On leaving Tripoli, my operations at Malta and its neighbourhoodwere resumed; and, as Colonel De Bosset, of De Eolle's regiment, wasappointed by the home-government to embark the antiquities of Lebidafor England, I gave him all the information in my power ; together withcopies of my notes and sketches. In the autumn, however, for some rea- son or other, the colonel declined the mission ; and on Sir Charles Penrosesounding me, my services were at once volunteered, because it was so
OPENING OF A KOAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 477
favourable an opportunity for gaining acquaintance with, a part of the Mediterranean which had hitherto been, as it were, hermetically sealed against us. On the 29th of October a messenger brought me an official instruction from that officer, enclosing an extract of a despatch from Sir Thomas Maitland, of the 28th, expressing his surprise that Lieutenant- Colonel De Bosset
Did not fulfil that mission to which he was originally recommended to me by Sir Henry Bunbury It is impossible that we can now look to that officer any
further upon this subject. . . . Looking, however, merely at the public interest, I am
of opinion that the proposal you made to me is at once the most economical and the most
fitting that could be adopted upon this interesting subject—viz., that Captain Smyth, of whose abilities on such a matter I have no doubt, should again proceed there to make a more detailed report than he has hitherto done, and make an economical, but at the same
time, a fair experiment, of what may be the possible value of proceeding further in
this business. I have given upon this head, my sanction to Major-General Layard, to advance him the money that may be requisite for this undertaking, and to supply him
with tents and such articles as may be indispensably necessary ; but I must suggest, that I think from 400 to 600 dollars is as much as is worth risking upon the occasion, and my subsequent proceeding must be regulated by his report, and the future instruc- tions of Government. On the 29th, Sir Charles also wrote to the Admiralty, mentioning
that " Captain Smyth sails to-morrow for Lebida, with full powers,
agreeably to their Lordships' Secretary's letter of the 27th of June last, being at my request furnished with such money and other means, by Sir Thomas Maitland, as were to have been given to Colonel De Bosset, had
he not declined the mission."* As the mission was of a novel nature, I was desirous of securing a
coadjutor in case of accident, and in Captain (now Colonel) M. C. Dixon,
of the Royal Engineers, an efficient companion was secured : but to mysurprise and regret, after the eleventh hour obstacles were thrown in the way, and the Captain's leave of absence was recalled. Having hastily
embarked a few tents, mattocks, and spades, I left Malta on the 30th ; but on arrival at Tripoli found that the plague had preceded me, inso- much that Colonel "Warrington considered we ought not to land. On
this I returned to Malta, of which Sir Charles informed the Admiralty,
by a letter of the 9th of November. In December, however, in con- sequence of favourable accounts arriving from the Consul, I again repaired
to Tripoli, reinforced with the fine little schooner, the Wellington (gun- boat No. 28) ; but we encountered a severe winter gale, which compelled me to bear up, though the schooner, having no ordnance to labour under,
got into port. Of this Sir Charles informed the Admiralty :

* This is giving the affair its warmest tint, —for the 600 dollars barely paid the working Arabs. My own expenses—as keep of servants and an assistant officer, instru- ments, horses, and camels—never were a shilling's cost to the country.
478 APPENDIX.
Albion, at Malta, Jan. 23, 1817.
Sir,—I have had the honour before to state, for then- Lordships' information, that Captain Smyth, in one of the Sicilian flotilla and the gun-boat No. 28, sailed for Tripoli on the 15th of last month ; and since that, Captain Smyth having put back for damage
received in a severe gale, I had since sent that officer to Tripoli, in the Express, tender. That vessel returned yesterday, with information that after the gale before-mentioned, the gun-boat succeeded in getting into Tripoli, but very leaky, and obliged to be
calked and otherwise repaired, before she could return here ;* and that Captain Smyth
had a very flattering reception from the Bashaw, and was about to proceed in the exe- cution of his instructions.—I have the honour, &c,
C. Y. Penrose, Rear-Admiral.
J. W. Crofter, Esq. Albion, at Malta, Feb. 10, 1817.
Sir, —Although nothing requiring their Lordships' attention has occurred respecting the squadron under my orders since my last letters by packet, yet I think it right not
to miss a favourable opportunity which presents itself, of stating to their Lordships,
Captain Smyth's progress on the coast of Africa, and to enclose a letter which I had
already prepared for their Lordships on that subject. My last information is dated Lebida, Feb. 1st, by which I found, that since it was
suspected by the Arabs that the porphyry columns, &c, were likely to be removed,
considerable mutilations had taken place for the purposes of millstones, &c, but that the captain had begun excavation, and found an entire statue (but his letter being
written in a hurry, he omits to say of whom), and that a guard of 50 horse and a mameluke were to come to him about this time, to proceed to the other ruins stated to be of such value. Captain Smyth does not apprehend that a traveller would find any difficulty but hard living, in proceeding with a caravan to Tombuctoo ; but except that the brother
of the Vice-Consul of Bengazy, mentioned in my former letter, is qualified for an
interpreter of Italian and Arabic, there is no person on the spot fit for the business of
interior research. There are some travellers in the east parts of the Tripoline states, but not likely to
interfere with the present or future plans of inquiry. I mentioned that Captain Smyth
had been provided with 600 dollars by Sir Thomas Maitland, but the future means of supply are not ascertained. I hope soon to forward an official detail from that officer. In a o-ale which forced Captain Smyth to return, the gun-boat which sailed with him succeeded in getting to Tripoli, but with such damage as to require some repairs
there. —I have the honour to be, &c,
C. V. Penrose, Rear-Admiral.
J. W. Crofter, Esq., &c. &c. &c. Lebida, Feb. 24, 1817.
Sir,—On my arrival in Tripoli on the 17th ultimo, I found the Wellington schooner
lying there, but the gale she had encountered on her passage rendered an immediate
repair necessary, and the foremast of the Express being badly sprung, to prevent loss of time I deemed it eligible to proceed to Lebida by land, to make a more detailed report on its antiquities and their rarity or value. To this effect I waited on the Bashaw, in company with Colonel Warrington, and
* It proved that the Wellington was too seriously injured for repair ; she was there- fore sold to a Tripoline broker ; her crew being sent back in the Express.
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 479
found him in the same disposition I had left him last May, which encouraged me to make an immediate request for permission to explore that part of his Regency near the Greater Syrtis ; in which from its having once been populously inhabited by the Maca?, Hamanites, and Hasbitse, and afterwards colonised by the Romans, I might, from its being less frequented, expect to find remains in better preservation than those of Leptis. His Highness instantly acceded to this request, and made a grant of all the works of
taste, of whatever materials or value in his dominions, including the ruins of Zort, and
the whole of that part of the Cyrenaica, forming the Pentapolis, to his Royal Highness
the Prince Regent.
During the conference, the Mameluke Reis, of whom you have already heard, was
introduced, and examined with respect to the journey he had recently made into the
interior. It appears that this officer (Mukni), who is Bey of Fezzan, had departed from Mourzouk at the head of an army, with the professed intention of extending the Bashaw's dominions, and procuring slaves. He proceeded South Eastward, and, passing Bornou, a government in commercial relation with Tripoli, entered a country inhabited by a race of fine negroes, on whom he made war, defeated them in every encounter, and
finally drove them into a large river, on the banks of which they had fought, where
the greater part of them perished. This river he styles the Nile, and describes as running to the eastward, and forming at this part a wide expanse of waters, with nu- merous shallows, on some of which the negroes got. The central part he imagines to be deep, as many boats were passing and repassing, similar in size and construction to the Jerba boats, that is, long and narrow, and from five to fifteen or twenty tons. On
his return from this expedition, he had passed through some ruins abounding in large
edifices, and furnished with such a number of statues as to have all the appearance of an inhabited place. This account would at once stamp it for the celebrated Raz Sem,
that has so long engaged the attention of the learned • but from its direction, it would
rather appear to be in the country of the Trogloditae, at Thama or Adaugmagdum. The
relation thus officially delivered, besides the lively interest it inspired, prompted me to repair thither, and ascertain whether the specimens of art were really worthy of the
attention of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, or, should it be the scene of the petri- factions, to confirm or contradict the bold paradox ; aware at the same time that such
a journey would be in the spirit of my instructions, and would not only forward the views of modern geography, but also illustrate a portion of the Melpomene of Herodotus, and the works of Abulfeda, Ptolemy, Leo, and Edrisi. To accomplish this I determined to repair to Lebida and employ a party of Arabs
in excavating certain spots I conceived would be productive, and leaving charge with one of the officers of the Wellington, and the Bashaw's chiaus, to proceed in the mean
time to the Interior ; but the Bashaw intimated through Colonel Warrington, that he was just on the point of declaring war against his eldest son, the Bey of Bengazi, and
that though his dominions were in general pacific, still some partisans might be lurking about who, by securing the Consul-General and myself, would demand terms with which he should feel bound to comply. He therefore wished me to remain two or three weeks longer, when he was going to send away an expedition to Bengazi, on the move- ment of which all the factious people would retire to the eastward, and he would then despatch a party of Janissaries to be entirely at my disposal, and conduct me to any
part of his dominions. Upon this I departed for Lebida, where I arrived on the 23rd ; and, on riding over
the ruins, was surprised to find that most of the valuable columns I had left last April, had either been removed or were lying broken on the spot. I discovered, on inquiry, that a report had been circulated by the chiaus on my former visit, of an intention to embark them during the summer, and, as it had been a quarry from whence tiny supplied themselves, they had, in the interval, been busily employed in breaking them into mill-
480 APPENDIX.
stones, not only for the present but for a future supply. They had, of course, selected the most durable substances, the oriental granite and the red Egyptian granite, which, from its compact base, fine felspars, and small admixture of mica scales, I was induced
to style granitic porphyry. This destruction was assisted by the peculiar construction of the Moorish oil-mills ; they being built with a circular surface, having a gentle in- clination towards the centre, round which a long stone, at least one-third of a shaft, traverses. However, there yet remain several very fine ones, principally of variegated
Egyptian marble, which, being of greater frangibility than the others, have been
spared. There are also several of grey granite, and of coarse red Egyptian granite, which may be removed immediately, should it be deemed desirable ; but some of the
granite ones have undergone the first process for the millstones, which is chipping off the astragal and torus, and many of the marbles show the corrosive effects of sea-spray. To secure these from further damage, Colonel Warrington, who accompanied mehither, set off on his return to Tripoli the following morning, where he made the Bashaw acquainted with the loss ; and I sent for the Sheiks of the Moorish towns and Arab villages in the neighbourhood, to admonish them, and on every side received assurances that the remains should be respected in future. Should it therefore be the
intention of Government to remove them, I beg leave to suggest that an immediate
order be sent to the Consul-General to prepare them for embarkation, which he, from
having studied mechanics and engineer tactics, and possessing many local advantages with the natives, is so much better capable of effecting than a stranger. For the time
of sending a vessel or vessels, I am of opinion, that after the equinoctial gales of Sep- tember is much the most eligible time of the year, as the coast being unsheltered from
the heavy gales of winter, which may be expected even in April, would render it unsafe
in the spring. In the summer the heat is oppressive, and, I apprehend from an ex- amination of the situation, and the result of inquiry, that the dangerous marsh fever, prevalent in the Mediterranean under the name of malaria, would be experienced
here during the months of June, July, and August.
On the 25th I commenced an excavation with upwards of eighty Arabs, whom I
increased the following day to a hundred ; and as they quickly gained the use of the English spade and mattock, the work proceeded with spirit. But I had soon the
mortification of perceiving, from every local evidence, that Leptis had been completely
ravaged, and its public edifices demolished with diligent labour, owing, perhaps, to the
violent contentions of the Carthaginian bishops, and the introduction of the Vandal
Christians of Genseric, who zealously destroyed the Pagan monuments of places under
their control. This opinion, many of the coins I have found bearing the Labarum,
would countenance ; or perhaps it was from the vengeance of the barbarians, for the memorable treachery of the Leptitani. From whatever cause it proceeded, the de- struction is complete ; the statues either broken to pieces or chipped to a shapeless mass, the arabesque works defaced, the acanthus leaves and volutes knocked off the
fallen capitals, and even parts of the pavement and floorings torn up, the massy shafts alone remaining entire. Willing, however, to give it as fair a trial as was consistent with the economy recommended, I continued excavating till the 12th of February,
when, having explored the principal basilica, a triumphal arch, a peristyleum, an
arcade, and several minor places, with only a strengthened conviction of the distant
existing chance of recovering any specimen of art worth the expense of enlarged
operations, I determined to desist and prosecute, during the interval of the army's
arriving, a geographical research of the parts formerly comprehended under the title of Cyniphi Eegio. In the course of the excavation I had an opportunity of observing, that the period
of the principal grandeur of the city must have been posterior to the Augustan age, and when taste was on the decline ; for, notwithstanding the valuable materials with
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 481
which it was built, it appears to have been overloaded with bad ornaments, and three
colossal statues I found (but without heads, arms, or feet) are in the very worst style of the Lower Empire. I send by this opportunity for your further information, several of the best pieces of sculpture I discovered, which will also show you the manner in which
they have been mutilated, as these are selected from nearly two hundred fragments. I must also remark that there are evident appearances, in several places, of a former
excavation, which most probably was carried on by the agents of Louis XIV.
There are many evidences of the city having been occupied after its first and violent
destruction, from several of the walls and towers being built of various pieces of
architecture, cornice, inscription, and other portions heaped together ; but I have found
nothing to indicate great antiquity, except an almost obliterated inscription on the wall of a mosque, at Ziphaar, in which the mixture of Roman and Greek characters would
indicate an early age of the Republic. The pieces of Doric entablature I had before
noticed, and the cyathiform capitals prove but poor and ill-proportioned imitations. I
also opened three distinct burial-grounds, with a view of gaining further information, but with little success, as I found neither urns, vases, nor lachrymatories ; only a coarse
species of jar and a few coins. Even these were neither valuable nor rare, being
wholly copper, greatly corroded, and principally those of Nerva, Commodus, Constantine, Alexander Severus, Balbinus, and Faustina. On a fragment I observed near the ruins, I found the common Moslem prayer in- scribed, which, as I understand, is to be found in the remotest places resorted to by cara- vans, and is also copied for amulets ; I thought this would be curious, and its removal,
far from being a matter of contention with the natives, appeared to give satisfaction, particularly to the Bashaw's son, Sidi Achmet Bey. This prince visited my tent and
examined my instruments, the trenches I had made, and the marbles I had collected, with great attention. In fact, although for fear of interrupting the present friendly
disposition of the Government, I have not pointedly introduced religious subjects, I
find that Mahometan intolerance has greatly subsided in this Regency, for I was
allowed freely to enter the mosques, with only the condition of pulling off my shoes

and the Moors have both ate and drank with me, even in country places, where they
are more observant of their tenets, and less familiar with Christians than in the capital. I have shown the Arabic translation of the Bible to several ; but though the characters are well understood, none even of their marabuts can read it, as the vernacular tongue
of all these parts is the jargon called lingua-franca ; and this, I am informed, is understood by some one in most of the interior caravans. While on this subject, I must inform you of my having had several remarkable
conversations relative to the existence of certain Christian tribes in the interior of Africa ; and, it would appear, in the neighbourhood of Wangara and Gooba. They are described as a very muscular race of negroes, but I cannot discover that any sign of
the Cross or other characteristic symbol has been observed, and their tenets are so
slightly impressed, that on their arrival in the market they readily embrace Mahometanism. A French captain (Lautier) in the service of the Bashaw, who has resided in Tripoli twenty-five years, circumstantially related to me that several years ago some of them were brought from the interior, and that twenty-eight of the finest being selected
to be sent to Algiers, he was appointed to transport them thither. As he was bringing
his vessel to an anchor, an evening hell was heard on board one of the Christian ships, when, to his infinite surprise, those on deck manifested the utmost delight, and calling up their companions fervently embraced them, pointing at the same time towards the
vessel the .sound issued from, and repeating the word cam/pami. As this appeared a, corruption of the Italian, or more properly of the Latin itself, he made his interpreter inquire concerning their congratulations, and found that in their native town a Larj building occupied a central space, having a bell on it, which every morning ami evening
I I
482 APPENDIX.
summoned them to prayers ; and that in this building there were neither idol, mat,nor divan ; but that their priest exhorted them. Another curious fact is, that the late Bey of Bengazi, who in his boyhood was brought a slave to Tripoli, recollected someceremony similar to the celebration of mass, and the use of consecrated wine. I couldnot, in the course of my inquiry, find whether a manuscript, or portion of one, hadever been observed in any caravan ; but the absence of circumcision, combined withthe circumstance of the bell and the wine, sufficiently indicate that Mahometan doctrines are not the only ones prevalent. I therefore conceive that by procuring a man,and educating him for the purpose, important results may be anticipated, and a roadopened to the full discovery of those regions in the vicinity of the Lunar Mountains. Yesterday the Bashaw's army passed and encamped about a quarter of a mile frommy tents ; and as it is my intention to set off to-morrow into the interior, I deemed it requisite to make the arrangements for sending you the pieces of sculpture, and myopinion of the actual state of Leptis. These I shall leave in charge of a dragoman, tobe embarked on board the Wellington the moment of her arrival. Should the placethe Bey of Fezzan passed through be B-az Sem, or Ghirrza, in the neighbourhood of theSyrtis, I compute it will occupy about three weeks ; should it be towards the S.W.longer, but as I feel in a great measure ignorant of the precise spot to which I amgoing, I am unable to state the probable time I shall be absent.—I am, &c,
(Signed) W. H. Smyth, Commander, R.N.
Rear-Admiral Sir C. V. Penrose, &c. &c. &c.
Tripoli, March 27, 1817.Sir,—After having written my letter of the 24th ultimo, I was prevented fromfollowing the army as I then proposed, by the report a courier brought me from theConsul- General, relative to the state of the Wellington schooner; in consequence ofwhich, I deemed it absolutely necessary to repair to Tripoli, and inspect into the natureof her defects. I availed myself of that opportunity of waiting on the Bashaw, to thank him forthe attentions I had received at Lebida ; and he then intimated that he wished metoproceed to a town on the mountains called Benuleat (or Beniolid, from Beni Walid),where a company of Janissaries had received orders to reinforce our party, as he wouldwish our safeconduct to be indubitable : however, from the situation of his affairs, andfrom what I have seen since of the country, I am persuaded his appointing so large anescort had political influence in view. His Highness also signified his desire that SidiAmouri, his son-in-law, and Sidi Mahomet, his nephew, should accompany us, andfurnished them with his teskerah, authorizing the whole of us to subsist gratuitously onthe Arabs ; but as I deemed such a paper detrimental to future undertakings, it wasnever used without a present, proportionate to the comparative value of the article, being made. On the morning of the 28th I left Tripoli, accompanied by the Consul-General, thetwo Sidis, three dragomen, twenty-six Moorish horsemen, and several camels.* Pro-ceeding by the fertile grounds of Sahaal, and afterwards over a hilly and almost uncultivated country, we arrived on the noon of the 3rd of March, at Benuleat, a place com-.* I ought here to have mentioned, that on the 2nd of March we passed Gusserkzab, an old tower in the plain of Frussa, where, about three years before, a numberofgold and silver coins had been discovered. Of these I was unable to procure a singlespecimen, they having been all taken to Tripoli, where they were most probably melted,and their date and story lost for ever.
OPEXIXG OF A ROAD IXTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 483
posed of several straggling villages, in a fertile ravine five or six miles in length, bounded by barren rocks of difficult access. The population, exclusive of the govern- ment guards, consists of about 2000 inhabitants, who subsist principally by agriculture, and a trifling manufacture of nitre ; they are accounted industrious, hardy, and brave, and amongst them the present Bashaw, when in rebellion against his father, resided
eight years. A large and ill-proportioned building, called the Castle, near one of the pleasantest
spots in the ravine, was prepared for our reception, and a plentiful supply of provisions and forage provided. Though I visited another species of blockhouse, this may be deemed the principal fortress ; it is situated in a valley, and commanded at almost every point ; it contains several rooms, good stabling, and a large courtyard, but the water is a musket-shot distant. The walls are badly perforated for musketry, and
furnished with round bastions, too weak however to bear artillery. Its position by two
meridian altitudes of the sun, in a quicksilver horizon, and bearings carefully corrected,
is in latitude 31° 45' 38" North, and longitude 1° 01' East of Tripoli. Here having found several people who had recently arrived from the place I was bound to, and which I found was called Ghirrza, I repeated my inquiries respecting
its remains, and again received assurances that I should find perfect figures of men, women, children, camels, horses, tigers, ostriches, and dogs ; and the belief of their being petrefactions was so prevalent, that a doubt was expressed whether I should be
able to remove one of those whom it had pleased Providence thus to punish for their
sins. This revelation, while it wound my expectation to a high pitch, afforded me
considerable gratification, in finding the report did not vary on approaching the scene, as I had apprehended.
On the 6th, having been joined by three mountain chiefs, Mahomed, Abdallah, and
Hadji Alii, with twenty-five janissaries, and fifteen camels laden with water, barley,
tents, &c, we proceeded to the south-eastward over a dreary mountainous country,
nearly uninhabited ;* and on the 8th arrived at a part of the Valley of Zemzem, which was within three or four miles of Ghirrza. It was then night, and such was my impatience to ascertain the cause of the extraordinary story so universally promulgated,
that I anxiously watched for the approach of day. Early on the following morning,
having left a party to guard the tents and baggage, I proceeded over the hills in com- pany with Colonel Warrington, the Sidis, twenty janissaries, and a camel bearing my
instruments.
I quickly perceived the mention of cold springs and shifting sands by some authors
to be erroneous, as the situation is mountainous and barren, presenting only fatiguing masses of sandstone, quartz, and limestone ; with occasionally a remarkable vitrified pyrite resembling porous lava. The scene is sometimes varied by ravines, which,
though neglected, are evidently capable of great fertility, from the luxuriant tallir trees,
lotus, and other shrubs, which spontaneously cover them. But, as might be expected
of a government where despotism and bigotry have united to depress the exertions of
private interest, destroy public spirit, and retard the progress of improvement, so as to keep its subjects at a vast distance from civilization, large tracts of country are almost
left waste ; and the little cultivation occasionally exhibited, is carried on in the most
primitive mode, without deriving the slightest benefit from the many agricultural improvements which successive ages have effected.
* I might have mentioned, that on the 7th we encamped in an open space at a well
of bad water, called Kanaphis, where we found a small kaffle from Fezzan. The
district was remarkable, since we were exceedingly tormented by swarms of ticks, tli.it teased alike both our horses and ourselves.II 2
484 APPENDIX.
After a short ride, we came suddenly upon the ruins of Ghirrza, when, although Ihad not suffered my imagination to rise at all in proportion to the accounts I had. received, I could not conceal the mortification I experienced in observing a few ill- constructed houses of comparatively modern date, on the break of a rocky hill ; andacross a ravine at a small distance several tombs. On approaching the latter I foundthem, in very bad taste, ornamented with ill-proportioned columns and clumsy capitals
;
and neglecting the divisions of architrave, frieze, and cornice, nearly the whole depthof the entablature was loaded with absurd representations of warriors, huntsmen,camels, horses, and other animals, in low relief—or rather scratched on the freestone ofwhich they are constructed, and certainly forming the very worst attempt at sculptureI ever beheld. The pedestals are generally without a dye, and the space between thebase and cornice bears a wretched attempt at arabesque ornament ; while, after themanner of the Eomans, a violation of decency is observable in several places. Across a fine but neglected valley to the south-eastward, in which were greatnumbers of wild antelopes and ostriches, is a monumental obelisk of heavy proportion
;
and near it are five tombs, similar in style and ornament to the first. There are butthree inscriptions, nor can other reference be had, as the whole have been opened,in search, I suppose, of treasure ; but as no person resides near the spot, I was deprivedof the benefit of local information. The reliefs are nearly perfect ; and, as this ridicu-lous collection lies near the Fezzan road, people from the interior occasionally tamed toexamine it, being the only specimen of sculpture they ever saw, and representingobjects familiar to them, made them describe on their arrival in Tripoli, in glowingcolours, what they had seen. This account, warmed perhaps by the story of Nardoun,increased to a Petrified City ; and at length gained such celebrity, as not only to attractthe attention of Europe, but in Africa to obtain universal belief; for it has been deemeda species of pilgrimage to resort thither as the caravan passes, and inscribe a blessingfor the unfortunate petrified Moslems ; and with these the pedestals are actually covered.*Ghirrza is situated near some barren hills called Garatilia, and from its want ofwater, and sterile, comfortless appearance, could only have been a military station incommunication with Thabunte. Its situation by two good altitudes of the sun, in anartificial horizon, is in latitude 31° T 17" North, and longitude, deduced from bearingscarefully carried from Benuleat and tried back, 1° 29' 52" East of Tripoli. The ruinsof the houses are neither indicative of greatness nor opulence ; on the tombs the largestfigures are about three feet and a half high, and the specimen I brought down with meis of the smallest ; yet, notwithstanding the diminutive size and despicable execution,the Turks who accompanied me eyed them with admiration and respect. Never, infact, has a palpable instance been brought before me so strongly proving the degradedstate a Mahometan education, destitute at once of liberality and emulation, reducesits disciples to : nor could I but regret to see men, in many other respects estimable, soglaringly deficient in the necessary discernment acquired easily by the pursuit of generalknowledge.
On the 11th, I wished to proceed by the road to Succa and Mesurata to Lebida;
but as I had so many men and camels belonging to Benuleat, it became necessary toreturn thither. From thence I went to the north-eastward, in hopes of finding some* A wandering Bedoween, who had been sometime in the Wadie, brought me a goodlarge brass medal of the elder Faustina, which he had found in the immediate vicinityof Ghirrza. This is no criterion for date, and from the mixture of Egyptian andBoman taste in the architecture of the principal building, the uncertainty is still greater.We copied the rudely-cut inscriptions, but no name of a known family rewarded theti-ouble.
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 485
remains of Taliti, Tenadassa, Mespe, and Syddeniis, which were in the chain of communication with Cydamus, and the stations of the Tritonis ; but I met with nothing but a few dilapidated towers, and some indifferent ruins which, from their situation, were probably those of Mespe. On the 19th I passed along the banks of the Cyniphus, and from thence returned to Lebida. Having there made arrangements for preparing some of the variegated marble columns (the cipollino) and some of granite, for embarkation, I departed for Tripoli, and arrived on the 26th instant. Although this journey has not wholly answered the sanguine expectations I had
formed, it has been the means of showing the disposition of the Bashaw and his subjects with respect to Christians travelling in the Regency ; and from the various information
I have collected, it appears that so favourable an opportunity of prosecuting the investigation of those unknown regions—which yet remain the disgrace of geography and
knowledge—has never before occurred. The Bey of Fezzan is preparing for another journey to the south-eastward, where he procured his slaves before, and would no doubt
receive any person in charge from the Bashaw ; by which an opening would be made
for a direct route to the probable source of the Nile, as the Bashaw's influence extends
to a great distance from his frontier. The Bey asserts, that an Englishman went on an
expedition with him about seventeen years ago, from Fezzan ; and that he died in con- sequence of a fever, and was buried near Aucalas. The shores of the Syrtis, the Cyrenaica, and coast as far as Egypt, which may be
almost styled unknown (and actually are in a late French chart), his Highness has already
granted me permission to examine, and I hope to add them to the portion I have
already explored. But I think attention ought to be directed to the important object of the Tombuctoo caravans from Mourzouk ; by one of which the Prince of Tombuctoo,
a few years ago, came to Tripoli, and settled a commercial treaty, which, from the
exorbitant duties imposed, has almost expired. Still, however, caravans occasionally go from Fezzan, sometimes direct, and at others to Twat, and from thence to Tombuctoo. From every inquiry I really conceive it to be a practicable route ; and with
the protection, not only of the sovereign of Tripoli, but those of Turns, Morocco, and
Algiers, I believe a person would be perfectly secure, as none of the powers intervening between the Niger and their dominions would like to infringe on so formidable a
guarantee. I regret to be under the necessity of recommending that a person be sent to accom- pany the Bey of Fezzan, on so depraved a mission as that of dragging away the natives
of a country for sale, which of course must be repugnant to every humane heart ; but
as it is the only method of acquiring a knowledge of their actual condition and distresses, with the mode of alleviating them, it becomes a necessary measure to be an eye-witness. This traffic has rapidly increased since the destruction of the slave-trade on the Western
Coasts, and has also augmented since the suppression of the Barbary pirates. The
slaves formerly embarked at the factories, are now driven over the country to these
ports, and are from thence exported to different parts of Turkey and Syria ; and I
learn with surprise, that since I have been in the Regency, two vessels have sailed from
the port of Tripoli, laden with a number unknown, even to the most hardened Liverpool
traders of similar burthens. Leaving these considerations to your better judgment, I remain, Your obedient humble servant, (Signed) W. H. Smyth, Commander, R.N.
To Sir C. V. Penrose, K.C.B.
Commander-in-Chief.
486 APPENDIX.
Tripoli, April 5, 1817.
Sir,—Immediately after despatching my letter on the morning of the 27th ult., and having had another interview with the Bashaw, I hurried away again for the pur-pose of visiting a set of greatly-vaunted ruins, about fifty or sixty miles off, in a southeast direction ; as I much wished to see them before sailing for Malta, having hadmuch discourse about them with the Arab sheiks of the hills round Lebida. By thezealous care of Colonel Warrington, everything was soon ready ; and, accompanied bya special red-burnoose chiaus, and the brother of Sidi Amouri, we started on theevening of the 29th, taking a route towards the Tarhounah mountains, which we hadso recently passed on then north side. On the road we were well treated by the Duffasurat Arabs, and crossed the first range of hills by the pass named from them ; wherewe observed that the scarps on either side exhibited coarse sandstone above a bed offiner grain reposing on limestone. But some curious and remarkable specimens offulgurites, or tubes vitrified by lightning in the sands, were shown us, as having beenproduced in the severe storm which had set us all afloat in the tents at Lebida, aboutthree weeks before. From this neighbourhood we passed, on the morning of the 31st, towards the wellof Badwa-Weled-Busaid, and from thence travelled in a direction a little south of east
;
somewhat parallel to our accustomed Lebida route. Every here and there were scatteredvestiges of former days, giving an indication of a greater and more important populationthan at present; and I was much struck with the remains of one tower, evidentlyRoman, which had been rendered defensible by some Arab insurgents, if such a desig- nation can be applied to men endeavouring to escape a grinding and oppressive tyranny,the right of which they had never owned. At length, on crossing the upper part ofthe well-known Wady Ramel, we arrived at Milah, or Medina Dugha, the remains ofwhich, I had been assured, would interest me more than those of Lebida had done,But—not to my surprise—they fell very short of report, and even the chiaus himselfseemed to be disappointed. However, from the massy foundations, ashler blocks, andnumerous architectural fragments among the brushwood and talhr trees, it is clear thatan ancient city of considerable importance stood here ; and that, however busy it mighthave been, and however its citizens might have plumed themselves, it is probable norecord of it remains. It seems to have occupied more than three miles in length byabout two in breadth ; and there are indications of its having been strongly fortified, much in the style of Lebida, and of about the same date—i. e., if Spartian be right, about the time of the Emperor Severus, a native of that city, who ordered the fortifica- tions to be built. While examining the ruins, the Arabs told us marvellous stories aboutthe wonderful extent of the subterranean chambers and passages ; but I had neither timenor inclination to explore them, and young Amouri was too much alarmed at the pro-spect of dubbahs and dib-a-dibs (hysenas and jackals) being there, to descend. Thebadinage upon this point occasioned the utmost good-humour; and I am more thanever convinced that men of the right cast can easily secure good fellowship in Africa. Having satisfied myself that no result of sufficient value would follow my remaininghere, we returned to the Consul's hospitable mansion, where I had the pleasure ofreceiving your packet. On this journey, as before, I rode on an English saddle, in anundress uniform ; and found, despite of certain objections made by some consuls againstshowing the Christian dress, that our appearance excited as little surprise as it had donearound Lebida. But it is a questio vexata here,* whether travellers should assume the* This question has been pretty well settled in the last few years. When I was in the Levant, turbans, mantles, satins, silks, embroidery, fire-arms, yatagans, caftans, flowing l-obes, and loose Turkish petticoat-trousers were the universal wear ; but now,on a change tout cela, for even the Sultan in Constantinople, and all the officials, appear
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 487
Turkish attire or aot ; the opponents declaring that Moslems were never yet deceived by it, and that even Aly Bey was detected the moment he entered a bath, by the corns on his feet : yet when such men as Hornemann and Burckhardt found it necessary to adopt that costume, the topic merits serious consideration. Still, I think a mezzo ter- ming is offered in some of the Frank dresses of Barbary.
Yesterday and this morning have been devoted to a continuation of my former
inquiries on this head ; and from all that can safely be trusted, without fully relying upon any one, I am becoming still more convinced that here—through this place, and by means of these people—is an open gate into the interior of Africa. By striking due
south of Tripoli, a traveller will reach Bornu before he is out of Yusufs influence ; and
wherever his power reaches, the protecting virtues of the British flag are well known.
In fact, looking to the unavoidable causes of death along the malarious banks of the
rivers on the western coast, I think this ought to be the chosen route, because practicable into the very heart of the most benighted quarter of the globe. Indeed, I feel more than half inclined to offer myself as a. volunteer, but for the welcome news in your
last, of a ship's being on her way from England for me. "Were it not for this, I would
assuredly beg you to allow of my exploring the flanks of the Atlas range at least, for the chance of there finding a tribe still speaking the language in which Hannibal wrote
his despatches. Should you be successful in procuring an efficient and duly qualified person, he will be received here with open arms, both by Colonel Warrington and M,
Carstensen, the Danish consul, a gentleman well-versed in the English language, and
also acquainted with Arabic. With the friendship of these two, and the aid of the Bashaw, an explorer has all chance of success ; but I would advise him, as his Highness,
as well as all his chiefs, has much of that Numidian fourberie which Bacon termed
' sinister wisdom,' to permit a little forereaching upon him in small things—even with open eyes—to gain a desirable end. Bashaw Yusuf is certainly a strange compound of virtue and vice ; and he waded
through a brother's blood to the throne, so far back as the year 1795. He is of social habits and intelligent, an affectionate father, and a warm friend. Nature seems to have
intended him for a good man, and the awful instances to the contrary must be attributed
to unbridled despotism and uncultivated mind. Owing to these, and other misfortunes
of station, he has exhibited profusion and avarice, courage and timidity, temperance and excess, mercy and vengeance, credulity and scepticism, in singular antitheses.
Still, a traveller need not trouble his head about this ; for Colonel Warrington—by a manly firmness and judicious bearing—has acquired a complete influence over him. To myself his Highness has always been remarkably attentive, and has shown great
patience in getting my repeated, and perhaps tiresome, inquiries answered : on these
occasions I usually carried my principal queries written, and procured the replies deli- berately, one at a time ; and though we were often in confusion, a little information was gleaned. It may illustrate his character to mention, that when we were surveying
the harbour, and measuring the outside of his own castle, a busy-body ' wondered' to him that he allowed such operations : ' Oh,' said his Highness, ' if the English wish
to attack it, they need not come first and measure the wall.'* In regard to Sir Thomas Maitland's desire, Colonel Warrington kindly got old
in frock-coats and close pants, with a Fez cap on their heads. They moreover find that they can walk about without lumbering themselves with a brace of pistols od each
side of their belt. Tt rrvpora m utwntw

* On my finally taking leave of him, his Highness exhibited considerable feeling, and
presented me with his own sword, a wavy-bladed seiniotar, which had been blessed at Mecca. It is now in the Museum of the United Service Institution.
488 APPENDIX.
D'Ghies and Sidi Amouri to make inquiries for me ; and others have assisted. Fromall that can be collected, both ancients and moderns have been greatly misled respecting mountains of salt, though there are most extensive saline tracts in this Eegency. Imyself have seen numerous camels loaded with solid indurated salt, in long blocks, from the shores of the Syrtis, and it is also found elsewhere. There is no doubt butthat saltpetre—good and bad—is manufactured to a great extent ; but the principal place I can hear of, as meeting the description which Sir Thomas had received, is anelevated plain about 400 miles south of Tripoli, the elevation being described merely'as if a town had been smothered with salt, and the salt covered with sand to the depth of about a foot.' A poor mountain this ! In like cases, from the defective information of the natives, and our own tendency to put leading traits which beg the
question, we become mutually wrong, whence no strong reliance is to be placed on anyof the information thus obtained ; but at present we can gather no other. In my constant inquiries after the great river to the south, which I mentioned to you at Malta, the
contradictory assertions are sorely perplexing. Without exact ideas of time or distance, they state the bearings of a place from the direction of a first day's journey ; and anyrunning stream is sometimes called a lake and at others a river. Now the river whichshould be the western Nile of Herodotus, gets farther and farther to the south after every consultation, and has even been carried several months' journey off. This wouldnot be objected to, provided there was any dependance to be placed on the replies ; for assuredly we have no warrant for keeping the historian's river on this side of the line. It is to be hoped that few years will pass ere a clear light will be thrown on this interesting problem.—I have the honour to remain, &c.
(Signed) W. H. Smyth, Commander, R.N. To Sir 0. H. Penrose, K.G.B.
&c. &c. &c. His Majesty's Ship Aid, off Lebida, Nov. 9, 1817.
Sik, —I anchored off Tripoli on the 14th ultimo, with the Weymouth store-ship in company ; and, in order to prevent loss of time, pressed an immediate audience withthe Bashaw, who received me with a very marked attention, and readily entered into
all the views I proposed. His Highness also directed that Sidi Amouri, his son-in-law, should be embarked on board the Aid, in order to render me every facility for expediting the departure of the Weymouth.
Having effected all the requisite arrangements, we made sail, and arrived at this anchorage on the 18th; and the same day commenced towing the spars on shore, and preparing the store ship's derrick and holds for the reception of the architectural remains which Colonel Warrington had during the summer brought down to the beach, under the ruins of the western fortress. As we had a continuance of fine weather, and the seamen were unanimous and cheerful in their exertions, I had the satisfaction to perceive these weighty masses embarked and stowed, at the rate of at least sixty tons a day; which, when you consider the open roadstead, the distance the ships necessarily were from the beach, and our limited crews, I trust will meet your approbation. It is but justice to add that Mr. Turner, the commander of the Weymouth,has been indefatigable in his exertions to complete ; and by his judicious arrangementson board, no accident has occurred. On the 22nd his Highness Sidi Achmet Bey, the presumptive successor to the Musnud, arrived with his army from Bengazi, whither he had been with intent to havebrought his elder brother, an abandoned cruel character, prisoner to Tripoli ; but he, finding very few partisans, had fled into Egypt, and quiet was restored with little bloodshed. His Highness, accompanied by his principal officers, rode down to the beach, when he was received with repeated cheers by the boats' crews ; and I deemed it
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 489
expedient to salute him from the ships. With this attention he was much gratified

and we experienced the good effects in the orders he gave, and the additional good- humour it inspired the Moors with. It is on many accounts satisfactory to state, that the service has been performed without the occurrence of a single quarrel, or dispute, between the seamen and the natives. I was sorry to find that neither the raft-ports, nor hatchways, of the Weymouth, would admit the three large cipollino columns ; and in embarking the others, I have
been under the necessity of selecting those of various dimensions, in consequence of the destructive mutilation that has taken place since my first visit. I have, besides, sent pieces from which drums might be cut, to fit the damaged columns. With the same view I have put several fragments of marble slab and cornice on board, that fractures
in the capitals, &c, might be repaired with stone of the same quality. But the specimens of sculpture are only embarked in order to show the style of execution, and
the manner in which they have been defaced. The small stone with the horseman on
it, is from one of the tombs of Ghirrza ; and the inscriptions are on specimens of the marmoric conglomerate with which the public edifices of Leptis Magna were constructed. Of those five columns which I styled granitic porphyry—and of which I sent you a fragment—not one remains above ground ; and on examining the ruins, I found
that notwithstanding the threats of the Bashaw, the promises of the Sheiks, and the whole business that took place last winter, a number of the finest columns I then left have been broken ; and there is actually a Tunisian vessel now loading with the pieces. I observed also that several of those, the astragal of which just appeared above the
sand, had been cleared down a few feet, and struck off; consequently none worth
removal (except the three large cipollino ones on the beach) remain visible ; and though
a quantity might, perhaps, be procured by excavation, yet as it would be in those spots where the sand is deepest, their removal would be very expensive. I therefore judged
it expedient to discharge all the working party, until a determination on the subject would be made on the arrival of the store-ship in England, or a communication to the
contrary should be sent by you; in either of which cases, the Consul-General can
immediately procure the necessary assistance again. The anchorage we are lying at has much better holding-ground than that of Tripoli Roads, being sand and rocky patches inshore, and mud in the offing. It is entirely
clear of shelves and shoals ; and I should think the winds, even in heavy gales, seldom blow home, from the existence of numerous phosphorescent medusa and other mollusca,
generally natives of smooth water. In standing inshore, a berth may be taken at
pleasure in from twenty to ten fathoms, which last will be about a mile from the shore. The bearings from the Aid, in latitude 32° 38 v 50" North, and longitude 14° 15v 15 u East, were Raz-al-Scian N.W.|N.—Tabia Point S.S.E.—Ziliten Point S.E.—and the
ruins of the ancient fortress of the harbour, S. W., about a mile and a quarter distant. Provisions might be procured in the greatest abundance, if the Bashaw's teskera is obtained for a supply, and the shores afford good fish ; but water is scarce, and what
there is is brackish.
| Here follows a set of sailing directions for the coast.) I have the honour to remain, &c,
W. H. Smyth, Commander.
Rear-Admiral Sir C. V. Penrose, K.C.B.
&c. &c. &c.
//. M. Ship Aid, Nov. 26, 1817.
Sir, —After the departure of the Weymouth for Malta, I obtained an audience with
the Bashaw, in order to make arrangements for my further proceedings; and also to take into consideration the practicability of researches being made in the interior of
Africa, through bis influence.
490 APPENDIX.
I found that, although his Highness was ready to grant my request for exploring the greater Syrtis, yet his sea-officers were utterly against the measure, at this advancedseason of the year; deducing arguments by which I perceived that this celebrated gulf still retains its imaginary terrors. I say imaginary, because on close questioning them all, I could find no one who had been further in it than Bengazi, and consequently could form no opinion, but from traditional report. I therefore, on deliberate consi- deration, determined to persevere in my original resolution. But his Highness entered on the subject of the interior of Africa with the mostencouraging frankness ; and, as an object so highly important ought to be circumstantially related, I subjoin the principal questions as proposed by me, and answered by the Bashaw, or officers present. Q. His Boyal Highness, the Prince Eegent, by a magnanimous perseverance in the cause of humanity and justice, having bestowed peace to Europe, is now solicitous to extend his benevolent views to the natives of those regions lying to the southward of the dominions of your Highness, and the several kings, your allies. Will your Highness, therefore, assist so laudable an object, by affording your powerful protection ? A . I shall be happy to render every assistance to such an undertaking. I have
already shown that to two Englishmen, who came here some years ago. Q. Is your Highness certain they were Englishmen ? A. They said they were, and that they came from Egypt by way of Fezzan.
Q. Does your Highness, or any person in the Divan, recollect either of their names ? No answer was given to this question for some time ; on which I asked if the nameof one might not be Homeman, when Mourad Eeis (Peter Lyell) said he now recol- lected it was.*
Q. How long is it since they were in Tripoli ? A. About fifteen or sixteen years. Q. What became of them after they left Tripoli, and where were they bound to ? A. They returned to Fezzan with intent to penetrate southward to the Nile (Niger), and thence by the river to Tombuctoo ; but one of them, who had been ill of a fever occasioned by drinking too much bad water, after fatigue, died at Aucalas.
Q. Was that the same person mentioned to me last winter by the Bey of Fezzan ? A . The same—the Bey had charge to conduct them to Bournou.
Q. Does your Highness know what became of the other? A. He continued the journey, but fell ill at Houssa, in the dwelling of a Tripoline merchant established there, and resuming his travels before he was properly recovered,
relapsed, and died at Tombuctoo.
Q. Does your Highness know whether either of them left any papers, books, or
effects? A . No ; but I will direct an inquiry—Moors never destroy papers.
Q. Does your Highness imagine it difficult for a party to reach the Nile (Niger), through the dominions of your friend, the King of Burnu ? A. Not in the least, —the road to Burnu is as beaten as that to Bengazi.
Q. Will your Highness grant protection to a party wishing to proceed that way ? A. Any person wishing to go in that direction, I will send an embassy to Burnu to escort him thither ; and from thence the king will protect him to the Nile. But I must
first clothe him as a Turk.
Q. Will he be subject to much troublesome inquiry on that head? A . No ; but he must not say he is a Christian. People in the interior are very
ignorant. I will clothe him myself in a particular way.
* This statement appeared in print, and enabled Horneman's heirs, through Baron
de Zach's appealing to me for its authenticity, to succeed to considerable property.
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 491
Q. But will your Highness guarantee the perfect safety of such a person against all accidents, except sickness or unavoidable casualties ? A. I do guarantee.
Q. Will your Highness undertake to produce, in the event of disaster, the papers and effects of the deceased, with a particular note, written by himself, commencing on
the day he might be taken ill, stating his opinion, &c. of the cause, and continued
daily until he shall be rendered incapable of writing ? This question is not to be con- sidered by your Highness as a doubt of safeconduct, but it is absolutely necessary for the consolation of the friends of the defunct. A . I do undertake to produce all such papers ; but there ought not to be less than
four persons in case of misfortunes by sickness. Q. Will your Highness give directions that a party shall not be obliged to proceed
at the will of the escort, nor to travel in the heat of the sun, nor in the summer, unless they like ? A . The strangers shall be masters. From September to May is the time I recom- mend for an Enghshman ; but travellers have a fault of generally hurrying a caravan.
Q. Will you answer for the assistance and guarantee of the King of Burnu ? A. Most certainly. Q. Would not a small present be acceptable to that sovereign ? A. Yes, he would take it as a great compliment.
Q. What does your Highness think would be most gratifying to him ? A. Broad-cloth (but need not be the finest), showy muskets, pistols, daggers, swords, and cutlery. Q. To what amount should your Highness think it necessary to send of such articles ? A . Twelve or fourteen hunched dollars. Q. Can your Highness afford protection to a party going to the south-westward ? A . Nearly the same as through Burnu.
Q. Are there many boats passing and repassing that part of the Nile (Niger), south of Burnu, and what is their object? A. They are numerous, and carry effects and passengers to the several towns on
the banks of the river. Q. What are the names of the towns in that direction your Highness has the greatest commerce with ? A. In Wangurra, Cuthorra, Cashna, Zangarra, Gooba, Bombarra, Houssa, and
Tombuctoo, there are always some resident Tripoline merchants.
Q. Next to Burnu, what place has your Highness most direct communication with ? A. Souat, which is the principal station for caravans that proceed to Tombuctoo,
by way of Gadam.
Q. What is the form of government at Souat? A. Republican, with a sort of head chief, or prince, the same as Houssa and Tombuctoo.
Q. In what manner do the subjects of your Highness obtain leave to pass those
countries, at a great distance from your frontier. A. The travelling merchants insure themselves, by giving presents—trifling ones
to the head of the country they arrive at, who affords them safeconduct to the next.
Q. How is the usual trade between Tripoli and Tombuctoo conducted ? A . It is mostly carried on by Fezzan and Gadam merchants.
Q. What number of camels does the Tombuctoo caravan usually consist of ? A. Not so many as formerly—not above a hundred and fifty: —the caravan to Morocco is the largest, as they have not so far to go; it is generally composed of tin. i or fuur thousand camels.
1 1. When does the Fezzan caravan proceed for Tombuctooi
492 APPENDIX.
A. The direct road is rather by Gadam, as the nearer one. They set out commonlyin March, travel greatly by night, and return towards November, when there is a very
extensive fair held at Gadam, resorted to by immense numbers.
Q. What are the principal articles of traffic ? A. Slaves, gold, gum, hides, dates, barracans, nitre, natron, salt, cotton, cloth, andgreat quantities of a fruit resembling coffee. Q. What is the greatest length of time the caravan is without the means of reple- nishing their water ? A. Eight days. Such is the substance of the principal questions I asked of the Bashaw ; whose
patience and good nature during the long conference, were eminently conspicuous,
particularly as the discussion of several of them required both time and reference. I
trust such conduct will be duly appreciated, when it is considered that this prince, by
the communication thus made, and the free access to his several towns already given to me, has fully proved himself above the mean intolerance that actuates the generality of Turks ; and more especially as he is acting thus in defiance of the memorable prophecy which states that all these countries are to be restored to the Christians. This prediction
is so universally believed, that the gates of the several towns and fortresses are closed every Friday from 11 A.M. till 1 P.M., the day and hour predicted for the event: to this, in a great measure, may be ascribed the jealous anxiety with which the Turks watch
our desire of exploring those countries. I remain, your obedient humble servant, W. H. Smyth, Commander, R.N.
To Rear-Admiral Sir C. V. Penrose, K.C.B.
&c. &c. &c.
I open this letter again to add, that the Bashaw, pursuant to his promise, directed an inquiry to be made relative to the effects of the late Mr. Homeman : and it appears
that his books, papers, instruments, sealed letters, and clothes, were brought to Tripoli by the Bey of Fezzan's orders, and were to be all delivered to a Mr. McDonnagh,
formerly surgeon to the Consulate, by an intriguing man at the Bashaw's court, a
Signior Naudi, but his notoriously infamous character leads me to suspect fraud, and
the Consul-General is now actively and zealously employed in investigating the whole
transaction. Albion, at Malta, Nov. 21, 1817.
Sie, —I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th inst. communicating the result of your labours at Lebida, as well as other highly interesting- particulars, which I shall not fail to transmit to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty by the first opportunity, with the high sense I entertain of your ability and
indefatigable exertions.I remain, Sir, your most obedient humble servant, C. V. Peneose, W. H. Smyth, Esq. Rear-Admiral and Commander-in-Chief.
Co'tnmander of H.M. Ship Aid.
P.S.—I enclose an acting order for the second master of the Weymouth to act as master of the Aid. This order was considerately sent in consequence of my warm appro- bation of the spirit and skill of Mr. Thomas Elson, of whom mention is so often made in this work. Soon afterwards I received another letter
OPENING OF A ROAD IXTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 493
from Sir Charles, dated the 23rd of December, 1817, of which the
following extract may be said to conclude the Lebida correspondence :
I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th ultimo, and to assure you that it gave me sincere satisfaction to observe the manner in which you have con- tinued your valuable researches, and also to express my entire approbation of your
proceedings with the Bashaw of Tripoli. I have felt equal pleasure in forwarding a copy of your letter to the Admiralty, as
I am assured that it will be a further proof to their Lordships of the zeal as well as
ability, with which you execute the service entrusted to you.
I forwarded that copy by packet on the 14th instant, and, as the packet now in port sails on the 29th, I request you would, previous to that day, furnish me with any
further information which you may have obtained, and which you deem useful to the
furtherance of the great object of understanding and exploring the interior of Africa. Shortly after my return to England, the First Lord of the Admiralty
consulted me upon several of the above points, when I dwelt upon the advantage of a land journey round the Syrtis {See jxige 376), contemporaneously with my examination by sea. Having been desired to reduce my views to writing, the following letter is the residt :

35, Soho-square, Dec. 31, 1820. My Lord,—In obedience to your Lordship's desire I venture to place before you my idea on that part of North Africa lying between Tripoli and Egypt ; and which,
notwithstanding it constituted one of the most interesting sites of antiquity, is unac- countably a perfect blot in the geography of the present day. In consequence of a strict attention to the subject, I had reason to think that on my visit to Tripoli in 1816, no other knowledge existed of those countries extending
along the coast from the city of Tripoli to the Arab's tower in Egypt, than what was
gleaned from the Melpomene of Herodotus—excepting indeed the part now called the Gulf of Sidra, which is evidently deduced from the old map in Ptolemy. From my numerous inquiries in various quarters, touching the present state and
resources of those parts, and from the aggregate of a variety of conflicting statements,
I have reason to imagine that material benefit is likely to accrue from a proper investi- gation thereof ; for it appears that there are certainly several harbours almost unknown
to us, of which the principal are those of Bomba, Toubrouk, and Tabraka ; and my
representation of them appeared in so favourable a light to that excellent officer, Sir Thomas Fremantle, that he directed my utmost attention to them, and to the facilities of procuring timber from certain forests reported to exist in that neighbourhood. But as the protection of his Highness the Bashaw of Tripoli does not extend beyond
Derna, and indeed is only precarious at any distance from Mesurata, a thorough in- vestigation of the shores of the Syrtis, and the whole of the Cyrenaica, becomes an
object of serious difficulty, and is, perhaps, impracticable to a Christian, though the attainment of it certainly promises the gratification of much geographic and historic inquiry. I could myself soon fix all the important points on scientific data for the commence- ment of a coast survey ; and a person properly qualified, would not only forward the hydrography, but, from thence, could continue those journeys and researches that would be most conducive to add to our general knowledge ; and from my long ac- quaintance with him, I make no hesitation in recommending Lieutenant Lyon as
singularly eligible for such a mission, from his natural ardour, his attainments, his professional habits, and, above all, his very complete assumption of the Moorish eha-
494 APPENDIX.
racter. After the naval and military objects are considered, a research could be made
for the two great Roman roads that led to Cydamis, the present Gadam ; a town, I amled to believe, of the utmost importance to travellers in the interior, as being the resort of numerous trading caravans. The site of the celebrated altars of the Phikeni would form a satisfactory point ; for though they appear no longer to have existed in the time of Strabo, their situation might, perhaps, be placed by approximation.
Inquiries might be made respecting the Silphium, a famous shrub which must have
existed in abundance, as sugar was made from it ; though others report that it bore
benzoin and asafoetida ;—that marked on the ancient coins bears a strong resemblance
to the large apocynum which grows on most parts of this coast. We have no proof respecting the fossil called sal ammoniac, said by Pliny to have
been found in great quantity below the sand, in a district of Cyrenaica. Rare coins and medallions of the Pentapolis may, perhaps, be procured, of which
the most valuable are these erroneously named Ophelias, especially when large ; the
usual types are the head of Ammon, with the Silphium as a reverse, and the legend
KYPA or BAPK ; but those of the state, and not belonging to any individual city, had
the word KOINON ; there is also a silver coin with the Punic characters )C V J hof tolerable execution.
Inquiries could also be directed towards the celebrated scarlet dye possessed by those
countries so many ages, and of which the Cynomosium coccineum is supposed to form
the principal ingredient. Attention could be paid to the petrified palms and fossils in the vicinity of Augila, and in fact to the whole detail of the deserts of Lybia. Of these the vicinity of Cyrene was reported as fertile, well watered, and possessed of forests and pasturages. It is plain to me that the remains of the city of Cyrene (now called Grenna) are extensive, and that its famous fountain still affords a constant supply of the purest water ; views,
plans, and copies of inscriptions therefore, in this important place, appear to promise a gratifying illustration of the invaluable writings of Herodotus. The situation of the Garden of the Hesperides, reported to have been near Berenice, would also be a desirable object ; as would the complete exploration of Taukra, the ancient Teuchira, and of Tolometa that formed the Port Barca, which I believe possesses fine remains of the magnificence of the Ptolemies. After the examination of Cyrenaica and the Deserts of Barca and Augila, the grand
question of the junction of the Nile and the Niger could be considered ; and, if confi- dence, ability, and perseverance are applied, I see no chance of a failure. In fact, I must here state my regret that the late expedition for the interior was so hastily formed. With a view of further illustrating this matter, I beg leave to subjoin the substance
of some inquiries I made from the officers of the Bashaw's army, who went on an ex- pedition to chastise the Bey of Bengazi, a rebellious son of his Highness, and with whom I was on the point of proceeding, but that the operations at Leptis required mypersonal attendance, I have many reasons for placing considerable confidence in their
replies. Q. What towns are there between Ziliten and Mesurata, and what are their names ? A . Between Ziliten and Mesurata there are no towns, but frequent remains of large
buildings.
Q. What description of buildings ? A . The original forms cannot be observed, the Moors have preserved only some wells of good water.
Q. Have you observed any ruins near Ziliten ? A . Part of an aqueduct near Wadie Khahan, and a sort of arch a little inland.
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 495
Q. What is the probable population of Mesurata ? A. About 900 or 1000; though the Aga who governs can put 1000 cavalry and
2000 infantry of the province into a state of service. Q. Where are the salterns of Mesurata ? A. The principal are between Zafran and Nahini, though there are others along the
Gulf.
Q. Is the salt mineral or marine ? A . The salt is not mineral, but produced by evaporation in summer ; in winter it melts again by more water flowing in. Q. But that which I have seen was in long bars. A . Yes, they cut it in bars for trading, for it is very hard and solid. Q. What great towns are there between Mesurata and Bengazi ? A . There is no town or place worthy the name between Mesurata and Bengazi, nor from thence to Derna.
Q. How are the shores of the Gulf of Sidra ? A . Generally hard, sandy beach, with a low country adjacent, in some parts very
rocky.
Q. Does the gulf marked on this chart, and called Suca, exist ? A. There is no gulf of that name ; the army passed close to the sea, where it is marked, and the beach is continuous.
Q. Are there any ruins on the shores of the Syrtis ? A . Near the above-mentioned salterns there are frequent ruins ; the most remarkable are to the S.E. of Zafran called Elbenia, and those of Medina Sultan.
Q. What is then appearance ? A. The former consists of two pilasters, with bases of gritstone, and Greek inscrip- tions much injured. The latter offers vestiges of a large city. There are other ruins at Jhimines and Quabia, two days' journey from Bengazi.
Q. Does the gulf at the bottom of the Syrtis, called Tinch, exist % A . It does not ; we still continued along the beach ; there is, however, a large maremma or marsh inside where our route led, but it is very hilly beyond it. Q. Do you know of any quicksands in that neighbourhood ? A . There is a considerable tract of fine impalpable sand that moves with tempests.
Q. What is the situation of the moving sands, and are there marshes there ? A . The moving sands extend from Ain-Agan to Areys, occupying a greater or less width along the coast from the sea towards the interior ; but at Albasce there is a long
streak, stretching many miles inland, very fine, and of the colour of brick, whereas the other is white as snow ; there are some very extensive salt-marshes at Ain-Agan and
Bagomara, two hours S.E. of Manhool.
Q. What is the nature of the coast in the direction of the moving sands ? A . Only the surface of the coast is covered with sand ; below, it consists of a hard
grit-stone. Q. Which is the site of the Garden of the Hesperides ? A . They lie about two hours from Bengazi, and have no trees, only a few shrubs grow there. Q. But what is there remarkable to point the place out ? A . Many deep grottoes, some wells of excellent water, and vestiges of canals to carry water all over the gardens.
Q. Is there not wood in the vicinity ? A. No timber fit for building, nothing but a grove of stunted cypress.
Q. But I have heard from the Bey of Derna, Murad Beis, and others, that a large
forest existed somewhere in that part. A. I believe there is further towards Bomba, but we did not go so far.
496 APPENDIX.
Q. Have you heard of this forest ? A. Very frequently ; and that the wood is fit for large ships. Q. What kind of a town is Bengazi ? A . Not so nourishing as formerly ; it has a tolerable castle and small port, mudhouses, and about 1000 inhabitants. Q. Are there any vestiges of the ancient Berenice ? A . A few slight ones ;—cameos and intaglios are frequently found, and a hill near
the sea is supposed to contain riches, as gold is often picked up after heavy storms.
Q. Can refreshments be procured there ? A . Sheep, cattle, and corn, but no fruit. Q. Why have they not oranges, as they grow so well at Tripoli ? A . They never had any, so do not feel the want of them.
Q. What kind of places are Tolometa and Taukra ? A . Taukra is a walled town, with many inscriptions ; but has few things of archi- tectural beauty, except some vine branches entwined in low relief on the pieces of a pediment of grit, or stone of the country. It is built on the sea-shore, on a plain, bounded on the south by stony mountains bearing the low cypress-tree. Tolometa is at the foot of the chain of mountains that extends from Bengazi to Bomba ; it offers fewvestiges, except some columns of gritstone belonging to a Corinthian portico, and the tombs of the Kings in the Elysian Fields. Q. What is there at Barca, and are there any inhabitants ? A . Barca is now only a mountain of stones and ruins, at the head of a fine valley, with a great many wells of good water, for which reason it is much frequented by the Arabs.
Q. Are the Arabs as trusty as those of Mesurata ? A . No ; they are exceedingly treacherous, and capable of committing murder for amere gilt button.
Q. Would they respect the usual laws of hospitality 1 A . Most probably they would, even against their desire. Q. Have you seen the harbour called Marza Suza ? A . I have seen Suza ; the sea has intersected almost all the town ; there are manyruins, but of moveable things there are now only to be seen a few columns of marble,
granite, and gritstone belonging to its temples.
Q. Is it easy to reach Cyrene on the side of Bengazi ? A. From Bengazi to Cyrene is six summer days' journey, and the road leads through
cypress woods and fine mountain-valleys ; it is not difficult. Q. Is Cyrene far from Derna ? A . Cyrene is a long day and a half from Derna, over some stony mountains of ex- tremely difficult ascent, through woods of cypresses, and places inhabited by wandering
Arabs.
Q. What aspect has the land about here from the sea ? A. The sea is almost everywhere bounded by steep mountains of rock, in the fissures of which grow cypresses and some other trees. Q. What state is Cyrene in. I have heard the town is entire ? A. The town is nearly destroyed, but the ruins and isolated tombs, or mausoleae, are extensive ; the finest part is the Camp of Mars, on account of the numerous streets of tombs cut in the rocky mountains. The various ruins make it extremely easy to determine the limits of the city. Q. Do you recollect any temples there ? A . The ruins of a temple near the fountain are partly buried, and all there is re- maining in sight are some columns and several statues, the latter so mutilated, that they look like amorphous blocks of marble. Excavation in this part would, probably, be very productive.
OPENING OF A ROAD INTO CENTRAL AFRICA. 497
Q. Does the fountain still afford good water, and are there any inhabitants in Cyrene ? A . The fountain always gives abundance of the purest water, for which reason there
are always upwards of four or five hundred Arab tents in the town.
Q. What is the population of Derna ? A. Emigration and the plague have reduced it to about 360 souls. Q. Are there still any troglodytes, or inhabitants of caves, and are they numerous ? A . The district between Marza Suza and Cyrene is full of caverns in the very heart of the mountains, into which whole families get by means of ropes ; and many are born, five, and die, in these dens, without ever going out of them ; their Bedouin re- lations in the neighbourhood provide them with food, and there preserve their property from the rapine of inimical tribes ; the friendly Arabs collect in these holes a sufficiency of water for all their wants.
Q. What is the disposition of these people ? A . They are savage, untractable, and dangerous, the government of the country
itself never having been able to reduce them.
Q. Do you consider a landing at Bomba as safe ? A. Being situated on the limits of Tripoli and Cairo, it is inhabited by tribes that have been driven away by their respective governments, so that they continually molest pacific tribes, and the caravans destined for Mecca.
Such, my Lord, is the sum of the most direct and credible information I have been
able to collect ; besides which, I have made many other inquiries, and have also constructed a map of the march of the said army, by inference ; but I hope I have shown
your Lordship that this interesting portion of geography (seated so near to civilized Europe), need no longer remain a blank ; and also that its examination may lead to satis- factory ulterior results as to the confluence of the Nile and the Niger, and the actual
state of the level of the countries south of Bournou, compared with Abyssinia and the west coast of Africa. And this, if I may be allowed to express my
opinion, is the only practicable road to Europeans—for I have ever considered the
difficulties and diseases incident to the swampy banks of rivers in a tropical climate
(at all times replete with decomposing vegetable substances), so insurmountable, that I have never been surprised at their failure. I have the honour to subscribe myself, my Lord, your Lordship's most obedient humble servant, W. H. Smyth, Commander, E.N.
Right Hon. Lord Viscoimt Melville, &c. &c. &c.
K K
498 APPENDIX.
II;
ON GRAHAM ISLAND.
THIS is fclie Paper mentioned on page 112; and is extracted from theCXXIInd volume of the Philosophical Transactions. H.RH. theDuke of Sussex, in submitting it to the Meeting of the Royal Society,stated that it was written as part of a report to the Council upon Dr.Davy's paper on the same subject, which had been read a few weeksbefore ; but that the Council viewed it as containing so much originaland important matter, that they had determined upon its being treatedas a separate communication. — (See the Literary Gazette, No. 786,page 90.)
Some Remarks on an Error respecting the Site and Origin of Graham Island. ByCaptain W. H. Smyth, K.N., F.R.S., F.S.A. Read February 9, 1832. In consequence of accounts recently published concerning the rise and progress ofthis island, which I conceive to have been stated materially in error, and in order thatphysical inquiry may receive as exact data as can be afforded, I beg leave to offer thefollowing remarks to the Royal Society. It was stated, in the first letters which arrived from Malta, that an officer on theMediterranean station was in possession of an old chart, whereon was a shoal withonly four fathoms on it, and called Larmour's Breakers'—and this being asserted to be' within a mile of the latitude and longitude' of the new island, was consequently an-nounced as its nucleus. On reading some of these letters I saw at once that the chartwas mistaken for a valuable document ; but being aware that its particulars were wellknown to navigators, I should not have deemed it to require notice, had not theerroneous inference been repeated both in the Journal of the Geographical Society andin the Quarterly Review. The danger alluded to as existing upon the ' old chart,' was never ascertained orverified ; it was only thought to have been seen by Captain Larmour, when in commandof the Wassanaer, a troop-ship, on the Egyptian expedition. But the same impressiondid not strike all the officers and passengers ; and, on the commander-in-chief despatch-ing two or three vessels to examine it for a more detailed report, no shoal-watercould be found. The present Captain Richard Spencer, C.B., then a lieutenant onboard the Wassanaer, was one of the officers sent to assist in the search ; and fromhim I had these particulars. Yet the minute which had been forwarded to me fromthe Admiralty, being written in these decided terms

< H.M. Ship Wassanaer, 11th of December, 1800, p.m. The island of PantellariaS.W. by W. nine or ten leagues, saw a reef of rocks S.S.E. distant three or fourmiles, extending N.N.W. and S.S.E. , about one mile in length. Hauled up S. by W.,to clear them. Saw something on the reef like a ship's mast. Bearings by compass.'I examined the spot with a rigorous strictness ; and from the various traverses
ON GRAHAM ISLAM). 499
which I made in every direction, with the lead going by night and by day, I
feel prepared to assert, that no reef of the nature described by Captain Larmour in 1800, and no shoal of four fathoms water, could have existed in 1814. How the said
1 four fathoms' crept into our charts is best known to the ship-chandlers, who too long
purveyed to the scientific wants of seamen ; but from the absence of positive testimony, from the careful search made by order of Lord Keith, from my own several cruizes, and from the material fact of its being in the high road which is annually beaten by
hundreds of ships, it is not presuming greatly to say, that neither the one nor the other had any existence. Nor is the assigned place ' within a mile' of the position of the volcanic islet, though it may accidentally have been so marked upon the ' sea-cards ;' for it should be remembered, that the true site even of the principal headlands around, was not then
decided. According to the minute just quoted, corrected for magnetic variation, Larmour's supposed reef is no less than sixteen miles W. by N. from it, on a part of the subaqueous plateau (which I named Adventure Bank), uniting Sicily to Africa by
a succession of ridges, —about a spot where I found from forty to fifty fathoms of water. Graham's Isle, however, is not upon this bank ; it arose between it and a knoll some miles to the eastward, which, from a shell brought up by the arming, I called Nerita ; and, if the observations which determine the latitude and longitude of the stranger as in 37° 8' 25" N. and 12° 43' 50" E. be correct, it must have been elevated through more than a hundred fathoms of water. In thus doubting the actual existence of the Larmour Shoal, it is not my intention
to dispute the appearance and disappearance of natural phenomena, nor that stupendous
alterations may occur by the subsidence and uplifting of strata,—because an obstinate scepticism would be absurd, especially in a part of the globe where, to use a well-ex- pressed Italian metaphor, the whole ground is ' tremblingly alive.' But it is reason- able and proper to question such rumours as have been made without due examination. In the instance before us no endeavour was made to establish the truth by either shortening sail, lowering a boat, or even getting a cast of the lead ; moreover, they were three or four miles from the supposed object, and opinions on board the Wassanaer
were not at all unanimous. By similar indecision a teasing knot of perils has gained random insertion upon our charts, to the disquietude of sea commanders ; but it is a
fault which is fast disappearing, and it may be trusted that there are few officers who
would not think themselves liable to the imputation of culpable carelessness, did they
not seek to verify such ' dangers' as they might accidentally encounter. I do not think subaqueous volcanic explosions are of such rare occurrence as is generally supposed ; and extremely sudden intumescence may arise from the expansion
of an inferior lava bed. It is not at all improbable that gaseous fluids and ejectamenta
may have been seen, before the accumulation of solid matter, protruded from the vent, was sufficient to form a crater of eruption. A volcanic apex may become visible, and
again be quickly destroyed by trituration, the solution of mineral substances, and the
repressive force of the column of water over the vent. Now, as there was a chance
that something of the kind had occurred in the neighbourhood assigned to Larmour's
reef, —breakers having been reported near the same spot by the Greyhound frigate, and shoals having been immemorially marked there under the names of La Ajuga and
B. Scoglio, —I laboriously explored the whole vicinity. In examining the chart which
resulted from this undertaking, it will be found that a knoll, with only seven fathoms upon it, was discovered not far from the site of all these reports, and that the Adventure Bank extends from Sicily nearly to Pantellaria, where the water deepens at once from 76 fathoms to no bottom with 375 fathoms of line. A further inspection
will show that the Phlegrsean islands of Pantellaria and Linosa, have been protruded from the greatest depths, where, perhaps, the fires found the least resistance. OK K 2
500 APPENDIX.
All these considerations led me to suppose that, though the reports were exceed- ingly vague, volcanic agency might still have given grounds for them. I therefore made particular inquiries, both in Sicily and Pantellaria, as to local earthquakes, andwhether any volumes of smoke, ferilli, or jets of flame, comminuted ashes, or other fragmentary ejectments, had been noticed in that direction ; but I could hear of none. Yet we are told, as a 'fact' of weight, that a tradition is current, whichsays : —' A volcano existed in the same spot about the commencement of the last century.' It would be difficult to say how this tradition was preserved amongst a
people little given to letters ; and I never, in my long residence and systematic re- searches at the above place, and in Malta, heard the slightest hint of it. I am, therefore, led to the conclusion,—firstly, that no shoal or danger has lately existed in that channel, excepting only an occasional overfall in very heavy weather onthe seven fathom knoll where I anchored H.M. ship Adventure, and which is sufficiently near for bearings taken at random, and without suspicion of the existence of a local attraction, to be placed in identity with the reports above-mentioned. Secondly, that even if what Captain Larmour became persuaded he saw was actually a temporaryvolcanic effect, it had no possible relation to breakers with 'four fathoms' upon them.And it follows, that the assertion of Graham Island having been formed by the mere' lifting up' of such shoal, must be utterly destitute of foundation.
501
INDEX
Abbreviations, 427
Ablancourt, good hydrographer, 342
Abruzzi, provinces of the, 38
Absyrtides, Adriatic isles, 44 Abulfeda quoted, 83 Abu Ze'id, an early traveller, 117
Abyla, opposite Calpe, 5, 98 Acade"mie Royale, on Mediterranean, 345
Acarnania, Adriatic, 50, 53 Accumulated salt in the sea, 129
Achelous, river, 50
Achilles, his shield, 313
Acro-Ceraunian Promontory, 45
Acrotiri in Candia, 68
Acton, Capt., on an eruption, 113
Adalia Cape, 78
gulf of and city, 79
its effect on currents, 169 Adam, Sir Frederic, 44 Address to Geographical Society, 427 Admiral Neptune, 429
Timosthenes, 315 Admiralty committee, 303
Adria, or Hadria, 34
Adrianople, 65
Adriatic sea, 34
actions, 135
currents, 165
tides, 182
frozen recorded, 223
weather, 253 Advance of chartography, 337 Adventure Bank, 120, 136, 499
(the ship), 239 JEdes Hartwellianae referred to, 85 ^Egean Sea, 62, 73, 270 ^gina, gulf of, 61
^Elian, 221
^Eolian winds, 250
Aerial effects, 295
iEtna, its eruptions, 110
Africa, north shore of, 186
laid open, 473 to 497
African coast feels the current, 161
tides, 186
Africus, or S.W. wind, 297
Agatharcides president of a library, 320 on the Red Sea, 334
Agathodasmon, a map-maker, 323
Agio-Janni, fresh spring, 141
Saranta, 49
Strati, ancient Nea, 66
Agricultural produce, 101
Aid, islet seen from on board, 109
Aigle, de 1', of the Phcenix, 154
Aigle wrecked on Zembra, 296 Aigues mortes, 13 now inland, 413 Air disseminated deep at sea, 192 Akk£, or Akra, 82
'Akabah-el-Kibir, 86
Al-Arish torrent, 81
Albania, province of, 45, 49
survey of, 401 Al Bekur, ancient Canopus, 84
shoal, 334
Albert, Marquis d', 345 Alboran rock, 97, 426 Al Buzema, 97
Aldebaran, occultation of, 370 Aleppo earthquake, 107
Alessio, 45
Alexandria, longitude, 84, 423
Alfaquez, peninsula, 9
Algeria, its extent, 94, 404
Algerine sloop-of-war lost, 274
Alghero, 29
Algiers described, 95 Al Haratch, 99
Alicant, vicinity of, 5, 7 Alicudi, 31 AH Pasha, 49
Al-jezirah or the island, 116
All^gre, captain of the Lloiret, 378
Alleria, now inland, 30
Almeria, Spain, 6 Almissa near Spalatro, 42 Almunecar, Spain, 6
Alluvial changes, 73, 80
Alpheius, ancient R.ufe'ia, 58 Alpheus at Syracuse, 140
Alps, they affect meteorology, 217
Altar to the winds near Sicyon, 278
Alternating winds, 272
Alternations of wind, 287
Altitude and azimuth circle, 381
502 INDEX.
Amaxiki in St. Maura, 54 Amorgo or Nio isle, 70 Amplitudes when resorted to, 384 Amurath III. patron of astronomy, 322
Analyses of sea water, 129, 294 Anamtir headland, 79 Anavolo, a copious spring, 141
Anatolia, 66 Anaximander's tables, 314 Anchovy fishery, 21 Ancient chartography, 316
climates, 210
fears of the Syrtis, 190
laws for ships, 276
measures, 323
observations, 323 — points compared, 325
symbols, 429
writers on fishes, 197 Ancona, 37, 330 Ancyreum promontory or anchor, 76
Andalusia, or Seville, 8 Andronicus Cyrrhestes, 278 Andros isle, 70 Anemometer wanted on board, 262 Animal life in the sea, 194 Angrand, M. , consul at Malta, 360
Animalcules luminous at will, 127 Annual fall of rain, 217 Anomalies in tides, 172 Anti Paxo, 53
Antibes, 17
Antivari port, 45 Antonine Itinerary, 317 Anzo, porto d', 24
Apeliotes, or East wind, 279
Apelles of Sicyon, 51 Apennines near Ancona, 38, 220
Ape's hill opposite Gibraltar, 96, 237
Aphrico rock off Monte Christo, 333
Apollonius Khodius, on the Syrtes, 189 Apparatus for trying sea-water, 129 Appendix, from p. 473 to 500
Aquileia, 46 Arabian opinions on the sea, 115
voyagers, 117
geographers, 326
Arab's tower, 85
Arse of Virgil, 136 Arago on temperature for trees, 218
Aral sea, its level, 77
Arcadia cold and foggy, 262 Arcano del Mare by Dudley, 338
Archipelagan currents, 167
Archipelago, whence derived, 62
its navigation, 72
its motions, 185
its etymology, 269
its prevalent winds, 272 —its winter, 274 — various surveys, 347
Arcturus deemed ungenial, 276 Area of Italy, 18 Area of our Dependencies, 102
of the Mediterranean, 149
Argentero, mount, 22
Argentiera isle, 70
Argostoli in Cephalonia, 54
Ariel typified by a fire-ball, 268
Ariona, a subterranean river, 141
Aristagoras, his copper tablet, 314
Aristotle on fish, 48 on level of the sea, 104
death, 186
• — on the Etesian winds, 270
a geographer, 315
Arkadhia, mountains in, 57
gulf of, 58
Aries, city of, 14 Arno, mouth of the, 21
Arnold, Dr., on Carthagena, 178 on climate, 219
Arrian geographer to Hadrian, 317
Arta, gulf of, 49, 166
Artesian well at Venice, 47 Arts in Egypt, 317
Arzila in Morocco, 99 Asinara and N.W. of Sardinia, 396
Aspra-Spitia, 51 Aspri Thalassa or Mediterranean, I Aspropotamo, 50
Athens, successive changes, 411
Athos, mount, or Agionoros, 65
Atlantic communicates, 2
current towards Gibraltar, 158 winds and currents, 427
Atlas, mount, snow-clad, 96 Atmosphere, nature of, 230
Atoko, 55
Attention devoted to latitudes and longi- tudes, 172
Attica overflowed by a deluge, 74
climate of, 269 Augusta town and harbour, 398
Austin, the late Admiral, 274, 284
Austrian staff, treaty with, 362
Author's surveys detailed, 353
maritime positions, 431 to 470 Avenger lost near Galita, 93
Avlona, Adriatic, 45
in Syria, 82 Awful neglect of chartwrights, 334
Axia, or Naxia, 69
Ayala, historian of Gibraltar, 236
Ayrouard's Atterages, 345 Azimuths, how determined, 385
Azof, sea of, 77
sea of, has contracted, 78
sea of, volcanic, 107
sea of, Palus Meeotis, 124
sea of, well sounded, 148
INDEX. 503
Back-strap Bay, 4 Bacler Dalbe in 1802, 348
Bacon's Historia Yentorum, 272
Bahr-rum, Mediterranean, 1
Baise, 26
Balearic islands, 10, 123, 161
Baratto, 21 Barbary, its extent, 89
volcanic, 106
partly a blank, 367
information on, 494 to 497
Barcelona, 9 Barcelonette, 17 Barge at Rome, 23 Barkah, desert of, 85
Barletta, 37 Barometer accompanies tide, 172 by Professor Miller, 212
zero, 214
depressed by S.W. winds, 234
its value, gulf of Lyons, 244
felt tbe Bora, 259
Barrington, Hon. D., on climate, 221 Bartolommeo on Arcbipelago, 328 Bassam river contains lakes, 85
Basilicata surveyed Candia, 337
Basilisk forced from ber ancbors, 236
Basin of tbe Adriatic, 46
of tbe Mediterranean, 123, 136
Bastia in Corsica, 29
Bathi port, in Ithaca, 108 Baudrand, bydrograpber, 341
Bauza, Spanish bydrograpber, 175, 349 Bayas river, Iskanderoon, 81
Beacbes, bard, 31
bard, 36
yielding fresb water, 142
changeable, 163
Beaufort, Sir F., introductory letter quoted, 80 on currents, 168, 186 wounded at Ayyis, 350
Beaufort's Karamania, 350
Beaupr^'s work not sbown, 364 Beaver on Mediterranean, 355
Beechy, Lieut., at Tripoli, 189
quoted, 88 on Hygrom, 293
Beechey, Messrs., appointed, 376
Beechey's, Lieut., force and work, 377
progress interrupted, 377
Beirut, 82
Belleisle, off Cape de Gata, 332
Bellin, Ingenieur de la Marine, 346
Belzoni offered bis services, 376
Benghazi, its produce, 87 Benincasa of Ancona, 330
Beniolid, in the interior, 482 Benjemma, range of, 33
Bentinck, Lord W., 20 Bentu de sob with lightning, 249
Berenice, vestiges of, 496 Berghaus on drainage, 143 Berwick lost her masts, 248
Bianco reef, Corfu, 333
Bias river, 59
Biot on deep sea-water, 133
Birazones, or S.W. gales, 239
Birt's buoy and nipper, 390
Bizerta, the Venice of Barbary, 93 Black Sea and Dardanelles, 2, 76
steady level, 144
sometimes frozen, 188
terrors, 280 Blockading fleet, 16 Blucher packet, foundered, 305
Blue rays most refrangible, 126 Bocca Silota, near Negropont, 71 Boccbe di Cattaro, 42
Bceotia overflowed by a deluge, 74
Boeotian winters severe, 269
Bolbatic mouth of Nile, 84 Bombab brought into notice, 86 Bon, cape, or Ras-Adar, 91
Bonaccia a frequent term, 247 Bondelmonte in the 15th century, 328
on the Cyclades, 329
Bonifaccio in Corsica, 29 Bora experienced in Lissa harbour, 257
described, 40
its effect on currents, 165
its surcharge of water, 184
its progress, 256
Boreas, or north wind, 279
Borings of marine animals, 81 Bosphorus weather, 280
, Thracian, 75 Bottom of the Mediterranean, 134 Boudrum, or Kos, 67
Bouillon la Grange on sea-water, 127 Boundary of Asia Minor, 80 Boundaries of Egypt, 85 Bournabad, suburb of Smyrna, 67
Bowles, director-general of mines, 223
Brazza isle, Adriatic, 44
Breislak on geology, 27
Breguet's Compteur, 380
Brewster's formula on temperature, 218
Brilliancy of the Mediterranean, 294
Brindisi, 37
British dependencies, 101
British Museum rich in charts, 329 Bromine traced in sea-water, 132
Brondolo, 48 Bua isle, near Trau, 42 Budua, in Dalmatia, 41
Buffon's theory on the Mediterranean, 118 Buonaparte, Jerome, his fleet pursued, 240 Bura and Helice swallowed up, 52
Burj-er-Rus, pyramid of skulls, 187
504 INDEX.
Butrinto, 49 Burrasche or mountain storms, 247 Byzantium, 75, 321 Cabezos dangerous, 389
Cabrera, isle of, 10
Cadamosta's maps, 16th century, 330
Cadiz, or Gadir, 4
Csesar on spring tides, 174
a meteorologist, 219 on Castor and Pollux, 267
ordered a survey, 317
Cagliari, 29
Calabria, 35, 400 mountain storms, 247
Calamis, 49 Calamota canal, 42
Caligula's bridge, 104
Calms, or bonaccia, 247
Calpe, or Gibraltar, 4, 119
Calvi in Corsica, 29
Camelford, Lord, of the Charon, 347 Campagna, pestilent air of, 224 Campana on the tides, 182 Campanella cape, 25 Campidano shows the mirage, 289
Canachi, pilot of Patmos, 331 Canal of Mahmudiyeh, 85
Candia, 67
Canea, port of Candia, 68
Cannes, or Napoule, 17 Cape Bon, line of deep water, 120 Capo d'Istria, 39 Capmani's ' Questiones,' 327 Capra reef, Cephalonia, 333
Capraja isle, 22
Capri isle, 25
Cardinal points, ancient, 278
Carmel, mount, a look out, 285
Carniola, 46 Carthagena, Spain, 6, 394
Carthage, its ruins, 92
Caspian, its level, 77 compared with Mediterranean, 138
sea described, 117
described by Herodotus, 315
Cassidaigne shoal, 333
Cassini on the Mediterranean, 153
sent to the Levant, 342
Cassini's Triangulation, 347
Cassis, town of, 15
Castel Sardo, 29
Tornese fortress, 57
Castor and Pollux, a meteor, 267
Casualties by lightning, 305 to 307
Cataclysm, near Salonica, 65 Catalogue of surveys, 393
Catalonian mountains, 5
population, 8 Cattaro, Bocche di, 41, 401
Caucasus, and other E. mountains, 232
influences the wind, 281
Caunus, ancient seaport, 80 Causes of geological changes, 105
Caution respecting the Faro, 181
Caution as to dangers, 387
Cavaliere, cape, 79
Cavallinis, chartists of Leghorn, 339
Cellarius, his unjust censure, 353 Censure on Ptolemy, undue, 353
Central currents, 164
portion of Mediterranean, 232
Centum-cellse, 23
Cephalonia, 52
Cephyssus, 63
Cerigo isle, 41, 52
Cerigotto, 56
Cervi, isle of, 60
Cette, 14
Cettina river, 42
Ceuta, or Sebtah, 5, 96, 98
tide hour, 175 Chabert on wrong latitudes, 340 Marquis de, 345 Chain pervading Italy and Greece, 232 Changes of coast, 9, 36
of Roman coast, 26
of climate, 223
of commerce, 311
in constant action, 352
in names discussed, 408 to 414
of site, 415
Charles V. humiliated, 298 Chasms suddenly formed, 112 Chartography advanced, 337
adopted, 392
Charts, list of, 395 to 405
methodized, 373
Charybdis, or Galofaro, 181
Chazelles, ' Hydrographe,' 340
Chemical changes, vast, 114
Cherso, fossil bones, 41
Chevalier, Captain, 340
Chevallier, Professor, on Barometers, 212
Chevrette, Captain Gauttier, 260
officers, 360
rendezvous at Malta, 420
Chiavari, 20
Chimara, mount, 46
Chioggia, 37, 48
Chios, our commerce with, 3
Choiseul, favoured surveys, 346
Chorographic arrangement, 424
Christian slaves, anecdote, 90
•— tribes in Africa, 481
topography, 325
Chronometric runs to Ionian Islands, 362
bases, 379
rates, how used, 380
Chrysse, in Pausanias, 73
Cicero de Republic;!, 224
INDEX. 505
Cicero on the Etesise, 271 commends Dicsearchus, 316
Ciotat, town of, 15
Circello, monte, 24
Circius of Lucan, or Mistral, 245
Civilization due to Italy, 17
of Algeria, 94
Civita Vecchia, 23
Clark's hydrometer, 131
Clarke on the Black Sea, 281
Classic surveys, 314
Claudos, now Gozze, isles, 67
Climates, the Earth divided into, 116
Climate of the Mediterranean, 210
steadiness of, 219 Cloud bank, off Santa Maura, 108
Clouds, prognostics of wind, 238
their height in summer, 240
their colour, 287
Cluverius quoted, 29
Coast of the Var, 17
changes, various changes, 113
contour, widely different, 138
Cocozzo, monte, 26
Ccelo- Syria of the Eomans, 82
Colas, a celebrated diver, 181
Cold winters recorded by ancients, 220
Collingwood, Ld., in the gulf of Lyons, 2 42
Colmars, 17
Colonna, cape, 62
Colossus of Rhodes, 68 Colour of sea-water, 125
Columbretes, isles of, 12, 241 Columbus aided by previous errors, 329
Columella on climate, 220 Columns of Hercules, 115
Comacchio, 37 Comet observed in 1819, 257 Comino, 33 Commerce, Genoese, 20
of the Mediterranean, 100, 352 Comparison of rivers, 146
barometric levels, 214 Compass reform, 385 Compazant, or Corpo Santo, 267
Conditions of evaporation in Mediterranean, 149
Conejara, isle of, 12
Conero, mount, 37 Conductors invaluable, 303
Congelation, line of, in Spain, 223, 232
Constantinople, 74, 410
Contessa, guff of, 65
Continental islands, 137
Coode, Admiral, on lightning, 304 Cook and others puzzled by the needle, 384
Copeland, commander of Mastiff, 389
sent to the Levant, 405
Cordova, city of, 8
Corfu, 52, 166, 260
Corinth, 50, 166, 185
Cormorant lost on an old shoal, 335
Cornaro maps, 330
Corno, monte, 38
Coronelli, Venetian cosmographer, 341
Corrections by Strabo, 321
Corruption of Greek names, 411
Corsica, the sixth island, 28, 29
a pelagic island, 137
surveyed by the French, 378 and Tuscan islands, 396
Corsican weather, 248
Cortez lost his jewels, 301 Cosmus, Indicus Pleustes, 325 Costume changed in Turkey, 487
Cosulich, his Portulano of Adriatic, 259
Countess of Chichester nearly wrecked, 261 Cowageux lost in a Levanter, 237
Crau, stony desert, 14
Crescentio, a papal engineer, 337
Creta, the third island, 29
Creux, cape, 13
Croatia, east of the Adriatic, 40
Crusades, their effects, 3, 94, 299
Crustacea, list of, 295
Cubic contents of Mediterranean, 149
Cuelbis, chorographer, 344
Culloden on Al Bekur shoal, 335
Currents at Gibraltar, 130, 136
of the Mediterranean, 151
off Karamania, 168
in the Faro, 179
Curzola, Adriatic, 44
Cyaneae, volcanic islets, 76
Cyclades of the Archipelago, 69
or Dodekanesi, 411 Cydnus of Cleopatra, 80
Cyprus, the fourth island, 29, 82, 107,
168, 282
Cyrenaica, ruins there, 485, 494 Cyrene or Grennah, 86
Dalmatia, 41, 402 Damage by lightning, 302
Damietta, 84
Daniell on meteorology, 214
on the atmosphere, 231 Dante, his tenth guff, 22 on the Mediterranean, 322
D'Anville on Ptolemy's error, 321
Dardanelles, 2, 65, 74, 280
of Lepanto, 51 Dates and grapes thrive in Syria, 218 Datum on level of inner sea, 191 Daussy on Palermo longitude, 419 to 423 Davy, Dr., on Graham isle, 111, 498 Davy's theory on colour, 126 Dead Sea, its low level, 137 Decanter experiment on sea water, 157
Decomposition of rocks, 388 Deep waters remain quiet, 114 Deepest water sounded, 128, 147, 390
506 INDEX.
Deine or Anavolo, a spring, 142
Delos isle, now Sdili, 69, 70
Delphi, 51
, mount, 63
Delta formed by the Nile, 84, 287 De Luc's hygrom, 293 Deluge formed the Archipelago, 74 Demosthenes on lending, 276
Density of sea- water tried, 157 Depth of Adriatic, 35
of the Black Sea, 76
close under Stromboli, 111
of the Mediterranean, 120
in the Strait, 159 Des Cartes on the Etesia, 270
Deterioration of climate, 224
Detritus carried in quantity, 136 Dew in the Mediterranean, 292 Dey of Algiers, 299
Djimova, or Tzimova, 59
Dicsearchus of Messina, 316
Difference between current and tide, 152 Diminution of heat in deep water, 124
Dinocrates on Mount Athos, 65
Diocletian, his palace, 42 Diodorus Sic. on the Syrtis, 288
Dionysius Pariegetes, 69 Dip sector lent by Gauttier, 382 Dip of horizon, 426
Discussion of Barometers, 213
Divisions of the Mediterranean, 123
Dobrena, 51
Dolmeitah, ancient Ptolemais, 87 Dolomieu on level of the sea, 105
Donati on the Adriatic, 134
Doria's aphorism on Mediterranean, 177
Dragomestre, 50 Drainage by rivers, 143
Drepano, gulf of Lepanto, 52
Drino, 45
Dudley's Arcano del Mare, 338
Duino, castle, 39
Dulcigno, 45 Dummer's Quarter Waggoner, 343
Durazzo, Adriatic, 45 Dust far at Sea, 294 Early surveys, 310
Earthquakes, 107
synchronous, 108
of 1783, 179
East coast of the Morea, 61 wind agreeable in Attica, 269
Eastern division of the Mediterranean, 232
Ebro, river of the, 8
Ebullitions of gas, 143
Ecclesiastes meteorological, 286, 288
Echinades, Adriatic, 50
Edrisi's account of the straits, 116 Egg plant, a prognostic, 277
Egripo channel, or Euripus, 63
Egripus, bridge of Negropont, 185
Egypt, 83, 218, 403 Egyptian surveys, 316 Ehrenberg on Infusoria, 293
Elanitic gulf, three islets, 334
Elba, 22, 336
Electricity strong in Ionia, 263
Electric agency in water-spouts, 266
fire in balls, 268
discharges, 302
• telegraph, 303
Eleia, plains of, 58
Elias, mount, height of, 63
Elijah's remark on the cloud, 285 Elymbo, the ancient Olympus, 64 Embasmos described, 185 Emerald frigate at Gibraltar, 156 Emo, Admiral, Face de Mare, 345
Emperor's castle, 300
Enghia, gulf of, 62 English possessions, 100
researches, 342
tourists in Greece, 348 Englishmen with Doria, 299
Entreprenante reef sought, 388
Eolian islands, 31 Ephesus, now Ayasolook, 73, 411 Epidamnus, its site, 35
Epirus, 45, 262
Equatorial winds, 233
Equinoxes, winds very changeable, 23
Eratosthenes on the Archipelago, 74
• apud Strabo, 122
systematic, 319
Ercole, port, 23
Eruptions, submarine, 107
Etcheuchoi river, 79
Etna, its height, 30
visible at Malta, 295
Etesiae, meltem of the Turks, 270
Eubcea, the fifth island, 29 Eudoxus of Cyzicus, 316
Eufemia, St., 25 Eugalmos described, 185
Euripides' naval figure, 273
Euripus at Negropont, 185, 410 Europa point, 175
Eurus, south-east wind, 279 Euxine said to have burst out, 119
favourable to strangers, 280
circumnavigated by Arrian, 318
Evaporation, amount of, 145
re-examined, 147, 150 Exmouth, Lord, his squadron, 90, 188,
287, 292, 359 Experiments on temperature, 125
Exports of the Sporades, 71
of Adalia, 79
of Ghuzza, 82
of Cyprus, 83
of Tripoli, 89
INDEX. 507
Exports from Mostaza, 98 — table of, 100
Ezekiel's time alluded to, 311 Fahrenheit's improved thermometers, 220
scale generally used, 124
Fair wind, North and South, 260
Falconer quoted on water-spouts, 266
Falsehood on Entreprenante rock,* 389 Fano island, 53, 392 Famagusta port, in Cyprus, 82 Faraday on sea-water, 133
Farina, cape, 91, 93
Faro, of Messina, 178, 356
current, 163
winds, 250 Fata Morgana described, 289 Fauvel on sea levels, 152 Favignana isle, 32
Favonii of the Romans, 271
Fead, Captain, his letter quoted, 242
Felicudi isle, 31
Ferrara, 38, 48
Feuille'e, astronomer to Louis XIV., 342
Fezzan, Bey of, 482 and 485
Filfla rock, 33
Fire-balls, 268
Firenzo, San, 29
Fisheries in the Mediterranean, 196
Fitz Roy, Capt., observed barometers, 212 on lightning, 309
Fleet off Cape Sicie, 243
Flinders on the magnetic needle, 384
Flora frigate wrecked in a bora, 256
Fluvial system, table, 143 Fogs in the Syrtis, 290
Forbes, Prof. E., on fish, 193, 195
Formentera, isle of, 12
Fortis, the Abbate, 48, 135
Forty Thieves, ships so called, 244
Fossil bones in the Adriatic, 41
Fothergill, Captain, liked fog, 296 Fox rock strictly sought, 388
Foz, gulf of, 15 Fra Mauro, the cosmographer, 85, 326
France, its coast, 13, 394
Franklinian theory, 263
Fredericsteen, H.M.S., 186, 350
Frejus now inland, 13 French Geographical Society, 116
surveyors, 340
results in the Archipelago, 368 Fresh springs in the Mediterranean, 140
Freshes in rivers, how produced, 163 Fretum Herculeum, 6, 158
Fullonica, 21 Fulminante struck on an old shoal, 335 Fumosa reef, Baia bay, 334 Fundus maris, 134
Furiani, or S.S.E., near the Po, 2^4 Fursung or parasanga, 326
Gadbuey on weather, 276
Gaeta, 25
Gaio, port, 53
Gaio rock, near Paxo, 333
Galaxidi, 51 Gale endured by H.M.S. Melpomene, 240
of 1840 in the Levant, 284
Galiano's chronometric runs, 349
Galilee, its sea, 82
Galita island, 93
has an easterly current, 165
Galleys of Arragon, 327 GalH rocks, 26
Gallipoli, port of, 74
Gallo, cape, 58
Galofaro, or Charybdis, 182 Gargano, Testa dl, 37 Gargarah, Mount Ida, Q6
Garrisons of our dependencies, 103
Gases found in sea-water, 133 Gaseous ebullitions, 143
Gastuni, 57
Gata, Cape de, 6
Gaul, its severe winters, 220
Gauttier's points and Smyth's, 147
Gauttier, Capt, 359, 361, 366, 369, 420
points, 460 to 470 Gen-Argentu, mount, 29
General chart of the Mediterranean, 393
Generation of earthquakes, 110
Genesis, book of, quoted, 310
Genoa, 19, 395
Geodetic angles from a base, 383
Geographia Nubiensis, 115
Geographical Journal on Graham Is- land, 112
Geographical Soc. Journal quoted, 12, 153
Geographical points, 431 to 470
Geological changes, 19, 46, 80, 105, 121 Roman, 26 — in Syria, 82
in Barbary, 88
Geology of the Liparis, 32
Morea, 60 Black Sea, 77
Archipelago, 72 Geometers under Alexander, 116
Gerardo's route to the Holy Land, 341
Ghaziyah, or gust of wind, 284 Ghermano, 51
Ghirrza, researches at, 483, 489
Ghozzo, its exports, 82
Giagiapha, fishery, 58
Gianuti, isles, 25
Gibbs's analysis of dust, 294
Gibraltar, its height, 4
strait, 119, 159, 161
meteorology, 217, 310
Giglio isle, 22, 396
Gioja, 25
Girgenti, and views of, 399
508 INDEX.
Glasgoio frigate at Corfu, 108
Glyki, 49 Golden-horn, 75
Golfe de Venise, by Bellin, 346
Goletta of Tunis, 92, 187
Gominitse, 49 Gondola of Venice, 39
Gore, Sir John, 264
Gorgoglione's Portolano, 344
Gorgonaisle, 22
Gosselin on Geography, 324
Gouffier, Count, in Archipelago, 348
Gourjean, 17 Govino, port, 53
Gozo, 33 Gozze isles, Archipelago, 67
Grabusa, port of Candia, 68 Graham isle, off Sicily, 111 and 498
Granitola, cape, 31 Grasswrack indicates shoals, 379
Graves, Captain, in the JEgean, 195, 405 on Malta longitude, 420
Gravity of sea-water, table, 131 Great Sea of the Scriptures, 1 Greater Syrtis, perils there, 288
Greece, western, 48 Greek names, how transfused, 409
pilots, corrupt names, 412 Green Sea, Arabian name, 1 Gregale, or N.E. wind, 249, 251
Grossa isle, Adriatic, 44
Guadalaviar, river of, 7 Gulfs of Egina and Corinth compared, 152 Gulf stream in the Atlantic, 159 Guns fired at water-spouts, 266
Gut, or strait, 5 Gulf of Valencia, 239
gale described, 245
Gyrations cause a siphon, 264 Habits of fishes, 195 Hakluyt on commerce, 3
Hall's ' Patchwork,' 30
Halley, theory of evaporation, 144
hydrographical mission, 344 Hamadryad stranded, 298 Harmattan announced by a cloud, 246
Harris, Sir S., on lightning, 305 Health of Eome, 224 Hebrew word dag, or fish, 196 Hebrews learnt surveying, 312 Hedissarum coronaria, 33 Height of waves estimated, 242
mountains, 391, 425
Helena, or St. Elmo's fire, 268
Hellespontic or N.E. winds, 270
Hellespontus, Dardanelles, 124 Herculaneum, 26 Hermenegildo wrecked, 156 Herodotus on the Adriatic, 34 on the aspropotamo, 50
Herodotus on the sea of Azof, 148 quoted on Euripus, 185
records cold winters, 220
a valuable geographer, 315
Hesiod, Boeotian winters of, 269
a geographer, 313
Hesperides, where situated, 495
Hexamili, isthmus of, 410
Hipparchus, an able astronomer, 320
Hippocrates a geographer, 315
Hirondelle cutter wrecked, 296 Homem, hydrographer 16th century, 331 Homer's evil vapour, Iliad v., 251
a good geographer, 312 Horace on the streets of Eome, 222 on the Adriatic, 34 Hornemann's effects, 490, 492
Horizon at sea, 425 Hot springs, 106 Hurd, Capt., consulted with, 354
official note on the Adriatic, 364 Hydro-geology of the Liparis, 32
Hydrostatic pressure, 151 Hydrographic Office in 1813
opinions, 373
415
355
Hyeres, bay of, 16 Hygrometer by De Luc, 214 wet and dry bulb, 293 Hymettus corrupted into Matto, 411 Ice in the Euxine, 168
Ichthyology of the Mediterranean, 192
Ichthyological table, 199
Ida, now Psitoriti, 67
Idrisi quoted, 86 Igneous regions, 106
Iliaco, river, 57
Iliad quoted on winds, 277
IUyricum, 45
Ilyssus, 63
Imbattu, or sea breeze, 249, 282
Incoronata, Adriatic, 44
Increase of land, 47
Indications of the scirocco, 252
of winds by barometer, 298
Indraught at Gibraltar, 158
Instruments in 1812, 212
Interior of Barbary, 482
Inundations of the Nile, 169
Invertebrata of the JEgean, 195
Iodine supposed to colour sea-water, 126
traced in sea-water, 132
Ionian sea, 49, 124
islands, 52, 102
currents, 166
sea, its tides, 184
winds, 260
Islands of first importance, 362
Islands, 402
Ioura island, ancient Jos, 64
INDEX. 509
Isaiah on the Sarab, 288
Ischia, isle, 25 Iskanderdn, gulf of, 78
unhealthy, 82
Islands now inland, 13
Islet off Cephalonia, 109
Isogenic curves, 425
Istria, .39, 400
Italian islands, 28
Italy, western, 17, 395
Ithaca, 52 Ithacan squalls, 261
Itinerary of Antonine, 318
Iviza, isle of, 11 Jacob's prophecy, 310
Jaffa, Joppa, 82
Janizary, cape, Sigeu/m, 66
Jason's fleet, 48
Jebel Akhdar, mountains, 86 Jerbah, island, 90, 187
Jeremiyah, bight of, 99
Jesuits' survey of Provence, 344
Johnson, superintendent of compasses, 385 Jomard, geographical researches, 328
Jonah's great fish, 196 Jordan river, 82, 137 Joshua quoted, 83, 312
Julian Alps send the Boras down, 255
Jupiter Serapis, 27
Justinian interfered with navigation, 313 Jyhoon river, 80 Kaiapha fishery, 58
Kaisarijah, 82 Kakara, under water, 80
Kakosouli, 49 Kalam^ki, 62 Kalamata, 59
Kalavria, 62 Kalavryta unhealthy, 52
Kaloyeri rocks, 71 Kandela port, 50 Kassandra promontory, 64
gulf of, 65
Kastelorizo port, 79 Katakolo cape, 57
Kater's compass, boat-bearings, 386
Kara-agatch port, 78
Kara-dutash, black rock, 80 Karamania, 78, 162 by Beaufort, 350
Karlopago, 40 Karnia, 50
Karystus, 63
Keats, Sir R. G., 99, 335, 353
Keith, Lord, 78, 98 Kempthorne on the Mediterranean, 342
Kenkries, 62 Kerka river, 41
Kervasara port, 49 Khabs Gulf, Lesser Syrtis, 89
its tides, 187 Khamsin, or south wind, 285
Khelidonia cape, 79
Khillidromi islands, 64 Khimara, mount, 45 Khosar, or Euxine sea, 118
King's survey of Magellan's strait, 405
Kissano, Mount Ossa, 64
Kitries, 59
Klarenza, ruins of, 57 Knights of St. John, 32, 299
Kolokythia, gulf of, 60
Koluri, or Salamis, 62
Konello, cape, 58 Kordn, gulf of, 59 Kor6n quoted on mirage, 288
Kos, gulf of, 67, 73
Krio, cape, Cnidus, 66
Kriti, or Candia, 67
Kurzolari, group of islands, 50, 55 Kyamil Bey, ruler of Corinth, 51 Labeschade winds, 162
Lagosta, Adriatic, 44 Laide no longer an island, 73 Lakes dried by nature, 65
explored by the French, 85 — do not burst suddenly, 118 Land emerged from the sea, 122
squalls, or raggiature, 247 and sea breeze at Corfu, 260
carriage from India, 311 Lannoy on Egypt and Syria, 328 Larmour shoal, 499 Lastua in Dalmatia, 41
Latakia, 82
Lateral set of the current, 156
Latitudes reckoned in Stadia, 323 and elevation form climate, 232
observed on shore, 381 Laurens on sea water, 132 Laurus nobilis, Linn., 221
Lautrec, General, encamped at Baise, 228
Lavagna, 20 Law of storms, its development, 244 Laws, maritime, from Rhodes, 68
of atmospheric phenomena, 211
for shipping, 276 Lead and look-out not enough, 352 Leading winds at Gibraltar, 301
Leake, on the Zarethra, 1 42 Leander's Tower, 75 Lebanon influences the wind, 283 Lefkimo shoal in old surveys, 335
Leghorn, 21, 409
Lelewel, geographical researches, 328 Lemnos, Stalimini, 65 Length and breadth of Mediterranean, 139 Le Noir's repeating circle, 366
510 INDEX.
Le Noir's dip-sector, after Wollaston's,'382 Leopard lost in Cagliari Bay, 249
Lepanto, gulf of, 45, 50, 166, 412
Leptis magna, 359, 489
Leros isle, 71 Lesbos the seventh island, 29, 71
Lesina, Adriatic, 37, 44
Lethada, cape, 63
Levanso, 32 Levant winds, their effects, 4
trade, 62
basin, 78, 120, 136, 232
Levanter, or Solano, dangerous, 235
Levanto, directory by, 339
Level of Mediterranean, 104, 116
Leuca, Sta. Maria di, 36
Leucadia, 52
Libeccio, S.W., or Labbetch, 297
Libs, S.W. wind, 280
Liburnides, Adriatic isles, 44 Libyan coast bold-to, 121
Liebig on hyper-critics, 393
Ligazzi, or local currents, 165
Lighthouses numerous, 351 Lightning intense in Ionia, 263 — sheet, and water-spouts, 266
accidents by, 302
Ligurian Apennines, 19 Lingua di Bagascia, 79
Linguetta, true bearings, 392
Linnasan nomenclature adopted, 198
Linosa, island of, 399
Lipari islands, 31, 398
Liquefaction of gases by pressure, 133
Liquids, their laws, 105 Lisan el Kahpeh, 79 Lisbon earthquake, 107
Lissa, Adriatic, 44 Lithada isles, 64
Lithodomus, where found, 27
Livadostro, 51 Livy on plague, so called, 228
Llobregat, river of the, 9
Lloiret, French surveying brig, 377
Logarithmic comparison ofevaporation, 148 Lombardy, 47 Longitudes by the ancients, 323, 369
of Palermo Observatory, 417 Longo Sardo, 29 Looming by fog, 291
Loretto, 37
Losses by lightning, 305 to 307
Lossin, fossil bones, 41
Lover's leap at Leucadia, 107 Lower Egypt, its climate, 285 Lubnam or Lebanon, 81 Lucan's prediction on the Syrtis, 122, 190
Luccio, De, quoted on the Adriatic, 135, 165, 349, 362
Lucretius describes the Prester, 264
Luminosity of sea-water, 126
Lunars, why not to be depended on, i Luni, Marinella di, 21 Lupo, hydrographer in 1600, 331
Lusieri, Lord Elgin's artist, 269, 278 Lutke on Malta longitude, 420
Lybia, coast of, 287
Lyell, Peter, Murad Re'is, 88
Sir Charles, on sea-water, 130
his Principles of Geology, 160 Lykddamo, mount, 58 Lyon, Captain, an Arabic scholar, 376, 493 Lyons, gulf of, feels a current, 162, 241 Lysippus of Sicyon, 51 Macaeska, small port, 42 Maccalubi springs, 32
Macculloch, Dr., on malaria, 225 Macmichael on sea-water, 127
Macronisi, 63 Maddalena, La, 29
Maestrale, or N.W. wind, 248
Maggiore, monte, 40 Magnetic deviations, 384, 425 Mahmoud Pasha, 43 Mahon in Minorca, 394 Mama, resort of pirates, 59
Ma'inotes, people of Ma'ina, 59
Maiolo, De, hydrographer, 16th cent., 331
Maitland, Sir Anthony, 108 SirThomas,43,49,359,362,487
Majella, monte, 38 Majerdah filling up, 93
Majorca, 10, 292, 298
Makri, gulf of, 78
Malaccia, old term for calm, 247
Malaga, 6 Malamocco breaks the current, 135
Malaria, 225 to 229 Maiden, Lieutenant, 109, 383
Malea, cape, 48
Maleca, cape, Candia, 68 Maledetto levante rather S.E., 249 Malta island, 32 and Gozo, tables, 102
climate, 250
longitude, 418 Malte Brun on the Mediterranean, 354
Mamatili, or maestrale, 250 Mamertinum fretum, 163 Mandeliyah, gulf of, 67
Mandili, cape, 63 Mandri, port, 63 Map of Ptolemy, 320 Mappa mondo of Mauro, 326 Maraldi on the Mediterranean, 153
Marathonisi, 55 Marathon, plain, 63 Marcet on sea-water, 127, 132 Mare grosso at Messina, 179 Maremme, 22 Mare-moto, or sea-quake, 106
INDEX. 511
Mareotig lake, 85 Maretimo, land-fall, 32, 355 Marine zoology by Aristotle, 198 Marino Sanuto, 327 Marinus of Tyre, 321
Mariotte on the intensity of wind, 291 Mark, St., 52 Market prices, 103 Marmarica claimed by Egypt, 84 Marmericheh, excellent, 351 Marmora, sea of, 74, 167 Marmorice, Mermericheh, 78
Marobia, confused sea, 164 Marsa Scirocco reef, 335
Marseilles, 15, 395
Marshes, Pontine, 24
Marsigli on the Danube, 152 on the height of waves, 242
Martial on frost, 223
Martiguez, lagoon, 15
Martines, hydrographer, 16th century, 331 Martyn, Prof., on the Lauras, 221 Massacre of the Scians, 72
Massey's sounding machine, 390
Massiha, solstice at, 319
Matafuz, cape in Algeria, 95, 336 Matapan, cape, 59
Mataro, populous town, 10 Mathematics of the ancients, 320 Maura, Sta., 44
Maury's Winds and Currents, 427
Mazzara, site of the Marobia, 164 Mavro Nisi, by Chabert, 346 Meander indicted, 73 Meat will not salt in a scirocco. 252
Mediaeval commerce, 3
opinions, 325 Medina Sidonia, mounts, 235
Mediterranean, its character, Intr.
its importance, 2 how formed, 114
tides, 172
fogs, 290
rescued from gross errors, 405
^ Meganisi, Ionian islands, 54
Meis, Pashalik of, 79
Meliala, mount, 52
Melilah fortress, 97
Melina, or Medinah-Dugha, 486
Melita Africana, 33 Melpomene of Herodotus, 148
Mercator's increase of latitude, 337
Meridian traced by Eratosthenes, 319
of the Arabians, 327
Mermericheh, Marmorice, 78 Mesratah, 87
entrance to the Syrtes, 190
Messina, 30
beaches, 142
currents, 163
Messina, Faro of, 398 Meswres Itin. in Strabo, 324
Metals and Marbles, 428
Meteorology, 210, 215, 391 Meton's latitude of Athens, 319 Miasma, 226 Michael Angelo, 23
Michelot, Pilote Hauturier, 341 Middle Ages, § 2, 325
Migratory fishes, 197
Miletus, the sea receding, 73
Miller, Professor, on barometers, 212
Millo, 68 islands, 16th century, 331
Milo, one of the Cyclades, 69 Minasi on mirage, 290 Minoa isle is lost, 73
Minorca, 10, 12 Minos active against pirates, 313 Miquelon now inland, 13 Mirage described, 288
Mirror of Navigation, 343
Miscellanea Curiosa, 145
Miseno, cape, 25
Missolunghi, 50
Mistra, 60
Mistral, or Bize, 245 Modern operations, 336 Modi, 55 Modon, 58 Mohaderah port, 86 Mokrl, 55 Mola di Gaeta, 25 MoUusks, list of, 205 Monaco, 19 Monde Aquatique, by Peter Goos, 339
Moneglia, 20 Monembasia, 61 Monsoons of the Levant, 271 Montagu shoal, C. Chiarenza, 333 Montanari on currents, 170 Monte Christo, 22
Cuculi sunk by a bora, 256
Santo, Archipelago, 65
Scopo, 55 Monteith on boiling water, 153, 281 Montenegro limestone, 43
cloudless thunder, 260
Montenero, its height, 54 Monthly temperature, 216
Montpellier, 14 Moon, why powerless in the Mediterranean, 173 Moon's irradiation deceptive, 382 Moorish names in Spain, 406
Moors, their conduct, 99 Morea, 52
its products, 57
climate of the, 262
survey of, 402 Morena Sierra, de, 8
' Morgian la Fay,' 289
512 INDEX.
Morlachian shores, 40 Morocco, empire of, 95, 99, 301, 405 Morozzo on the Adriatic, 153 Moses quoted by Dr. Clarke, 282
laid down boundaries, 312 Mostaza port, 98 Mountains in Spain, 4 Mountain gusts, 297
of salt, reported, 488 Mourmaki rocks, 59 Mourtzo, 49 Mousa, Jebel, 99 Moxacar, Spain, 6 Mugghito in the Corfu channel, 261 Muluwi river bounds Algeria, 96 Murad Reis, a Scotchman, 88 Murat, defence of Sicily against, 354
Murcia, population, 8 Murviedro, beauty of, 8 Myconi isle, 70
Mytiline isle, 71 Nahr-el-'A'si river, 82
Naples, coast of, 24
Calabria, by Zannoni, 348
gulf of, 396
east coast, 400 Napoli di Romania, 61 Narbonne, 14
Natolica, 50
Nauplia, gulf of, 61 Naupactus, etymology of, 411 Naussa, port of Paros, 70 Nautical survey, the first, 314
Nautilus rock, Cerigotto, 333 Naval health in Mediterranean, 230
Navarino, harbour of, 58
Navigation, its origin, 2
'< of the Archipelago, 72
of the Faro, 180 Navy of Algiers, 94
Naxia, or Axia, 69 N.C.A.P.R, 428
Neapolitan staff-officers, 363
Nearchus, Admiral, 316
Negro, cape, 98 Negropont island, 63 how derived, 410 Nelson in the Faro, 180
in the Gulf of Lyons, 242
at Madalena, 335 Neptune presided over Mediterranean, 429 Nerita shoal alluded to, 112
Nettuno, port, 24 Newton unveiled tides, 174 Newtonian answer to paradox, 173
Nicaria isle, 71
Nice, port of, 19
the climate, 246 and Spezzia, divisions, 423
Nicolas, Captain, on a rock, 332
Nicopolis, 49
Nile, its alluvion, 85
it rises to 23 feet, 169
of Herodotus, 488 Nio isle, 70 Nomenclature adopted, 406
Northers disastrous, 273
Notus, or south wind, 280
Novigradi, 41 Oars, 273 Ocean described by Abu Zeid, 118
Ocrida Lake, 45 Odyssey quoted on winds, 277
OEniadse not traceable, 415
GCta, mount, 64
Officers of the Aid and Adventure, 375
Ogliastro, 29 Ogygian deluge in Archipelago, 74, 118
Omar-el-Aalem on tides, 138 Ombrone, 22 Opening a road into Africa, 481 Opus, fort, 42 Orca seen by Pliny, 196
Origin of the Mediterranean, 114
Oristano, 29
Orloff, Count, 228
Ornithii, winds brought birds, 272
Oros Troados in Cyprus, 83 Orthography adopted, 406
Osero, fossil bones, 41
Osiris and Typhon, their strife, 88
Ostia, port of, 23
Otranto, 35 Ouragans, or violent storms, 246
Overfalls thought shoals, 500 Ovid on Bura, 52 on the Syrtis, 122
alludes to the glass orb, 317
Oxoi, 55 Padua, 47 Psestum temples, 26 Pago isle, 41
Palseopoli, vestiges of, 57
Palamides, mount, 61 Palamos, good roadstead, 10 a rock in, 333
Palaesti, 46
Paleassa or Palseste, 46 Paleo Avarino, peninsula, 58 Palermo in Sicily, 30, 46 and its environs, 397
position by Piazzi, 417
Palestine, its inland traffic, 310
Pallas, Professor, quoted, 107* 138 Palmarola isle, 25
Palus Maeotis, 2 Panaria, 31, 143
Pantano, near Alicant, 7 Pantellaria isle, 32, 392, 399 Papal States, 400
INDEX. 513
Papas, Cape, 57 Paradox of rocks growing, 387
Paraetonium, ancient port, 86
Parallel of latitude by Eratosthenes, 319
Parasanga, or Fursung, 326
Parenzo, 39
Parga, cession of, 49
Parnassus, 51
Paris level for barometer, 214
Paros isle, 69 Parthian struck on an old shoal, 335
Patella shoal off Prevesa, 333
Patent log runs by boats, 362
Patino, or Patmos, 71
Patras, 57, 184
Patroclus, Admiral, 316
Patton, experiment in the strait, 156
Pausanias on Bura, 52 on Chrysae, 73 quoted on springs, 142
a topographer, 315
Paxo, 52 Pegola Mount, 45
Pelagossa, Adriatic, 44
Pelago, 64
Pelagie islands, 137
Pellew, Sir E., watered at Ehone, 243
Pelion, Mount, 64
Penetration of light, 192 Penon de Velez islet, 98
Penrose, Admiral, in the Faro, 181
Sir C. V., on Capt. Gauttier, 419
Pentapolis, its ports, 87
Percolation very great, 142
Periodical breezes in the Levant, 282
Periplus by Scylax, 315
Periphery of the Mediterranean, 99 Permanent conductors, 309
Perpetual congelation, 232
Pesaro, 37
Pestilential air, Oristano, 29
Petalio isles, 64
Peter's, St., lofty cross, 23
Peter Gower, or Pythagoras, 443
Petrified beach noticed by Beaufort, 81
city of Nardoun, 484
Petrovitz, clan of, 43
Peutingerian Table, 323 Phaeton fired by lightning, 303
Phanari, 49 Pharos island now on the main, 85
Philaeni, their altar, 89, 494
Philemon, Holland, 88 Phineka, Cape, 81
Phlegrsean zone, 106
Phoenicians early merchants, 310
Pharnix, privateer at Gibraltar, 154
frigate wrecked, 274
Pholoe, Mount, 58 Phosphorescence of sea water, Vll
Physics of the Mediterranean, 132
Pianosa Isle, 22
Piazza San Marco afloat, 183
Piazzi, his register of weather, 215
on position of Palermo, 415 on longitude of Palermo, 417
Pidavro, 62
Pieria, Mount, its height, 81
Pietro, San, isle, 29
Pigafitta, comp. of Magellan, 338
Pillars of Hercules, 311
Pineto, forest of pines, 47 Pinna Marina shoal alluded to, 112 Piombino, 21
Piperi, 64 Pique cut away her masts, 284
Piraeus, changes of name, 411
Pirano, 39
Pirates haunted the Archipelago, 313
Pisa, proverb, 21
Pizzigani, the brothers, 328
Pityusae, 11, 12
Placca, La, at St. Maura, 53 Plague or pestilence, 227
Planca, point, 44
Plata, Cape La, near Gibraltar, 160
Plessidi, Mount, 64
Pliny translated by P. Holland, 88 quoted on percolation, 142 on tides, 174
on the Syrtes, 188
1. De Nat. Caeli and Arbores, 221
2. On temperature, 221 On water spouts, 265
quoted on electric omens, 268
theory on the sun's heat, 271 on the dew-point, 293
' Plumbeus auster' of Horace, 249
Po, its mouths, 37, 135
the rex fluviorum, 144
Pola, 39
Polesino lies low, 38
Policastro, 25
Poliorcetes on sea levels, 152
Polybius on the Euxine, 78 on Carthagena, 177
soldier, historian, and geographer, 324
Porno islet, Adriatic, 44, 335 Pompeia, 26
Pondico, 55 Pontine marshes, 24 Ponza islands, 25, 396
Population of Spain, 8
of Baleares, 1

of Italy, 18
of Hydra, 62
Porquerolles rocks, 16
Poro, rock of, 61 Porto Franco, Leghorn, 21 Vecchio in Corsica, 29
Vitylo, 59 L L
514 INDEX.
Porto Kalo or Quaglio, 60
Leone, 62, 409
Portolani in the British Museum, 329
Ports of Spain, 6 of Istria, 39
small, near Tripoli, 89
of Algeria, 95
Posidonius measured an arc, 174
Potash detected in sea water, 132
Potier, Baron, on Adriatic, 362, 365
Pozzuoli, changes at, 27
Precautions against malaria, 225
against the bora, 256
against water-spouts, 265
against lightning, 304
Pressure of sea water, 133, 193
Prester of the Greeks, 264 Previsa, 49
Prices of food, 103
Prina, geographical engineer, 363
Prinkipos or Princes Island, 74
Procida, isle of, 25 Prodano, coast isle, 58 Produce of Spain, 5 and 6
of Barcelona, 9 around Toulon, 16
of Sicily, 30
of Apulia, 37 - of Istria, 39
of Dalmatia, 42
of the Archipelago, 72
of Tunis, 92
of Algeria, 94
of Morocco, 96
Productiveness offish, 194
Prognoses of weather, 126, 237, 277
Projection by Ptolemy, 320 Promontore, cape, 40
Proofs of the tide's uses, 175
Propertius alludes to globes, 318
Protrusion of volcanic islets, 111
Provati, 55 Provencal couplet on the Bize, 245 Proverb at Nice, 246
Psitoriti, Mount Ida, 67 Ptolemy on Adriatic, 35 Katabathmos, 86
distorted Mediterranean, 139 on latitudes and longitudes, 320
Pulo, its meaning in Greek, 69 Pyramids marking the Points, 365
Pyrenees, length of chain, 10 Pythagoras' notions still tenable, 122 Pytheas studied tides, 174
surveyed Lipara, 319
Pyrgo, 58 Pyrnatya, 59 Quakneeo, channels of the, 40
subject to squalls, 254
Quarter Waggoner, 343
Queen turned round in the Faro, 181
of Naples in a scirocco, 253
struck by lightning, 304
Quintant, 9 -inch, and horizon, 381
Quixote, Don, on Spanish, 407 Raffiche, mountain gusts, 248, 261
Rageas, gusts of wind, 284
Raggiature, or land squalls, 247
Pagosniza, good port, 42 Pagusa, 41
Pain, its amount in the Mediterranean, 149annual fall of, 217
essential to harvests, 295 Rampinu, or land wind, 249
Rapallo, 20 Raper on tides, 174
symbols, 427
Raphti, port, 63, 41
1
Ras-al-Kana'is, in Egypt, 84
Ras-el-Hilat, near Cyrene, 87
Ras-er-Tyn, Cape Fig, 85 Raven lost on Cape Granitola, 164 Ravenna now inland, 47 Receding sea in Archipelago, 73
Re-examinations by the author, 354
Refluo, or refolo, in the Faro, 179
Reggio, 26 Rhone, mouth of the, 394
Reid, Sir W., governor of Malta, 243
Reiner, the pilot, 175
Relative heights of seas, 152
longitudes, 383
Rendina, or Contessa, 65
Rennell, Major, quoted, 88, 158, 324 Renouard, Rev. G. C, on Arab names, 412Re, Porto, 40
Respiratory organs of fishes, 195
Responsibility of officers, 229 Rhodes in 1530, 32 Rhone, the, 14 Rimbombi of volcanoes, 110
Rimini, 37
Risso on the surf, 163 on the Pomatomus telescopus, 193
Rivers flowinginto Mediterranean, 140, 150Road into Africa, 473 to 497 Rock reported off Santa Maura, 109
90 miles east of Malta, 121
off Cape de Gata, 332
Rochon's micrometer applied, 379
Rodney, the, suffered off Toulon, 244 Roger II., circular silver table, 326 Roman coast, 23
climate, 221
surveys, 317 Romans, modern inferior to ancient, 223Romney Marsh, alluvion, 88
Rosetta, 84
Rossel, Admiral de, 368
Rotation requisite in a storm, 264
INDEX. 515
Rotatory symptoms, 243 Roumili Castle, 51, 75 Roum, name of Mediterranean, 117 Rovigno, 39 Howe's Lucan quoted, 190 Ruad islet, a fresh spring, 111
Rufela, river of the Morea, 58 Ruins of Carthage, 92 Rumford on heated fluids, 158 Rupina, port, 60 Ryves, Captain, G. F., 335
Sabioxcello, near the Narenta, 42 Sabrina isle thrown up, 111 Sacred Scriptures referred to, 281 Sacrum Prom., St. Vincent, 323
Sagra, Isola, 23
Saint Angelo, or Kavo Malea, 60
Elias Mount, or Makryno, 59
Elmo's fire, or campazant, 267
Irene, or Santorini, 70
John's day usually fresh, 286
Sala brenna, Spain, 6 Salambria, the Peneus, 64
Salanta, channel, 64
Salazar's chronometric runs, 349
Salerno, bay of, 26
Salina, isle, 31
Salona, Greece, 51 town, 42
Salonica, gulf of, 64
Salt very good in Istria, 40 how made in Barbary, 495
Saltness of sea-water, 127 Samana Point, 45
Samiel, or Scirocco, 251 Samos isle, 71 Samothracian deluge, 74, 119 Samun wind, 286 San Dimitri, Cape, 64
Giovanni, Port, 49 Lucar shoals, 234
Martino, Cape, change of wind, 239
Pietro, and St. Nicola, 267
Sands, moving, of Shur, 83 Sanj^k Burnu, 414
Sansego, fossil bones, 41
Santorini isle, St. Irene, 70
Sapienza, island, 58
Sarah, or Mirage, 288
Saracenic ruins, Asia Minor, 80
Sarakino, or Peristeri, 64
Sarundi, Port, 51
Sardinia, 28
a pelagic island, 137 — its meteorology, 215, 249
general chart, 396
Sardinian dominions, 12 sheets, 346
Sarmatian vessel, 118
Saros, or Samothrace, 65
29
Sasseno isle, 46
Satan's current, 75 and 167
Savona, 19
Scala, or loading place, 6Q Nova, 67
Scalona, Ascalon, 82
Scaletta in Sicily, 31 Scardo isle, Adriatic, 44
Scardona, 41 Scarpanto island, 68
Schiron, or north-west wind, 279
hurricane, 274
Sciacca, its beach, 31
Sciarazza cove, 110
Science of geography, 319
Scio isle, 71
Scipio at Carthagena, 177
Scirocco, samiel of Egypt, 251
dust, 293
at Tunis, 296
Scombrera, rocky island, 177
Scropho, port, 50
Scriptural allusions, 285
Scutari, 45
or Uskrudar, 75 Scylax quoted, 29 on Malta, 33 on the Adriatic, 48
his Periplus, 315
Scyila, 178 Scymnus Chius, 48 Sea level steady, 144, 391
water weighed, 157
motions or currents, 162
breezes, 282
of Marmora, 2 and 74
funnel in the Black Sea, 113
pressure, 133
of Damascus, 326
Seanghero, 64
Seasons at Algiers, 297
influence the wind, 283
personified at Athens, 279
Sebenico, town of, 42
Sebenzanas, or Boras, 255 Secondary geological effects, 114
Segna, once a harbour, 40
Seneca, Nat. quaxst., 246
Septinsular domain, 48
Serpent's isle, Black Sea, 76
Sestri di Levante, 20
Sets of currents, 162
Seville, city of, 8 Sfakus, opulent and beautiful, !»1 Shallow water feels wind most, 171 Shallows in the Syrtes, 91 Shipping laws, 276
Ships struck by lightning, 305—

Shoals of San Lucar, 234 disappear from charts, 332
Shores of France, 1

516 INDEX.
Spur, or Al JofiCr, 83
Sicie, Cape, well known, 15
Sicilian coast, 30
Sicilian weather, 249
Sicilie, le due, by Zannoni, 348
Sicily, meteorology of, 215
mirage, 290
Sierra Morena, 8
Sierra Leone, rain there, 217
Sidereal occupations abandoned, 382
Sidi Achmet Bey, 481
Sidi Mahomet at Tripoli, 482
Sieberfelt a mare moto, 109
Siffanto, or south-west, violent, 254 Sigeum Prom., 65
Silphium, the valuable shrub, 494
Silt, deposits of, 9, 113
Sinope, a volcano near it, 113
Siphanto isle, 70
Skala Rufeia, 58
Skerki reef doubted, 93
rocks, 136
Skhiza, or Cabrera, island, 58
Skiatho, 64
Skopelo, 64
Skyllo, cape, 62 Skyro island, 64
Slave trade with the interior, 485
Sleep renders liable to malaria, 227
Smith, Sir Sidney, 78
Smith, Dr., on the Mediterranean, 154 Smyrna, third city in Turkey, 66
tides, 186
Socrates humbled Alcibiades, 314 Snow and ice in ancient Rome, 222
Soil of Hydra, thin, 62
Solano, its effects, 28th March, 236
Soldan, Captain, assisted in GTeodesy, 383 Solomon on the north wind, 285
meteorology, 286, 288
Sonnini on deep soundings, 120
Sorelle rocks off Galita, 334
Sotta isle, Adriatic, 44
Soundings to unusual depths, 387
South wind strong only in winter, 248
Spain, 3surveys of its coasts, 394
Spalatro, city of, 42
Spanish produce, 6
Portolani, 330
surveyors, 349
loss at Trafalgar, 350
Spartel, Cape, 5, 99
Spartivento, Cape, 25, 35
Specific gravity of sea water, 124, 131
Specchio del Mare, 339
Species of fishes, how distributed, 195
Spelzia, island, 61
Spezzia, springs in the sea, 141
gulf of, 20, 395
Sphagia, isle, 58
Spina, 47 Sporades of the Archipelago, 69
S. P. Q.R., 428
Springs rising in the Mediterranean, 140
Squalls, sudden, 275
Stability of weather explained, 218
of the Mediterranean, 191
Stadia, various, 323
Stagnevitch, Convent, 43 Stambul of the Turks, 75
Stampalia isle, 70
Stamphane', or Strivali, 56, 140
Statistics of Spain, 8 of Italy, 18
Statistical Table, 101
Stewart's, Captain, rule, 275 Stormy season, 275 Storm presaged, 300
Strabo on the Pityusse, 11 on Adriatic, 34 on the Meander, 73
preserves Strato, 74
on earthquakes, 110
a philosophical geographer, 321 on geology, 191 on the site of Rome, 224
Strait of Gibraltar, 2, 119, 236
intercepts lunar effect, 173 — of Bonifacio, 396
Strato of Lampsacus, 74, 122
Streams, their scooping action, 114
Stromboli, 31, 110
Styli, Romaic, for columns, 409
Subaerial volcanoes, 111 Subaqueous volcanoes, 111
Subdivisions of the Mediterranean, 123 Submarine volcanoes, 111
plateau, Skerki, 137 Submerged buildings, 104 Submersion of the iEgean, 73
Suli, 49
Sulla, Maltese fodder, 33
Superficies of Mediterranean, 140
Surface temperature, 125
drift at Bonifacio, 162 Survey of Spain good, 349 how planned, 361
Surveys catalogued, 393 ———too extensive for delicacy, 405
Sussex, Duke of, 35, 498
Swa'idiyah, 82 Swaine, Captain, wrecked, 164
Sybota isle, 49 Symbols of the ancients, 429
Symi, gulf of, 78 Sympiesometer oscillations, 214
Syra isle, 70 Syracuse and its environs, 399
Syria, extent of its coast, 81 has a fine climate, 283
Syrian sea, Eastern Mediterranean, 116
INDEX. 517
Syrian shore has encroached, 170
Syrates, two great gulfs, 88
Syrtis, the greater, 87
little, 90
lesser, its tides, 187
the greater, much feared, 188 Tabakkah sheltered by an islet, 93
Table of tides at Venice, 183
of comparative latitude and longi- tude, 325
Tabulated points, 416
Taganrog, 77, 281 Takhtalu peak, 78 Tangier anchorage, 99
Tarabolus, Tripoli, 82
Taranto, Gulf of, 36
springs in the sea, 141
Tarifa, island of, 4 depth of water, 128
Tarsus or Tersus, 79 Tasso isle, or Thasos, 65 Taurus influences the wind, 283
Tchesme" endured a violent plague, 228 Tebruk harbour, important, 86 Tekkiyeh of the Dervishes, 278 Telamone, port, 21
Telethrius, mount, 64 Temperature of the Mediterranean, 124
for grapes and dates, 218
of Egina, 271 most equable near the sea, 233
at great depths, 388 Temple of Sunium, 63
Tenedos, 66 Tennant on sea water, 127
Teonge's amusing diary, 343
Terracina, 24
Terranova in Sardinia, 29
Tersus-chai river, 79
Testacea, list of the principal, 205 Tetuan bay, 98
Thales on earth's sphericity, 314 Thames compared with other rivers, 146 Thau, bring lagoon, 141
Theodolite, its value, 383
Theodosian map, 323
Theotoki on Etesian winds, 271 Thermometers, 214 Thermometer in the sun wrong, 217
Thermopylae, pass of, 64
Thisbe shoal well searched for, 388
Thracian Bosphorus, 75, 167 Thucydides on Adriatic, 34
on the Faro, 181 - on Krystallos, 269
on geography, 313 Thunder, strange, in Montenegro, 260
Tiber, 23, 26 never frozen now, 222
Tidal reflux at Gibraltar, 161
Tide treated by Omar, 138
of the Mediterranean, 171
at Gibraltar, 174
hour at Cadiz, 174
on the Spanish coast, 1 76
at Carthagena, 177 on French and Italian shores, 178
in the Faro, 179
table at Venice, 183 two daily, not equal, 183
Tide- wave differs from wind-wave, 171 Timarchus of Sicyon, 51 Timosthenes an admiral, 315
Tineh, El Arish, 83
Tipton, John, Consul, 3 Toaldo on iEstu Maris Veneti, 182
Toberathi, the, 45
Tofirio examined the currents, 156
Atlas Maritimo, 349
Tolmezzo, mean rain, 217
Tolometa, rich in ruins, 494 Tombuctoo, best route to, 485 Tonnara at Pola, 40 Topi islet has a danger, 336
Tornese, Cape, 57
Torricellian tube, 172
Toulon, 15 and adjacent coast, 395
Tourville, Chevalier de, 340 Tower of the winds in Athens, 278 Towns in Regency of Tunis, 91
Trachytic rocks, 71 Trade in the Black Sea, 77
of Egypt, 84 Trading ports of Apulia, 37
Trafalgar, Cape, 4, 407
Traffic in Barbary, 492
Trajan's marine works, 23 Tramontanas, 273
Transit Telescope, by Breguet, 380
Trau, near Bua isle, 42
Travellers' corrupt names, 412
Travelling in Barbary, 491
Travels of Strabo, 322 Treatment of Compasses, 385
Tremiti, Isles of, 37
Zodiacal light, 295
Tres-forcas Cape, 97
Triangulation of the Archipelago, 366
Trichias mentioned by Aristotle, 48
Trieste, 38
Triglia shoal alluded to, 112
Trikhiri, channel, 63
Trinacria, name of Sicily, 30
Trinisi islets, 60
Trinita, Prom. La Sta., 25
Tripoli in Barbary, 89, 404
gale there, 188
Tripoline ships wrecked, 302
Trireme galleys, 312
Tristomo port, 79
518 INDEX.
Troglodytes in Barbary, 497
Tropic of Capricorn, 288
Troughton's Circle, when used, 381
Troy, plain of, 65 Turkish 64 wrecked, 273
fleet wrecked, 287
Tunis, coast of, 91 survey of, 404
Tunisian climate, 295
fleet wrecked, 297
Tuscany, 21 Typhoons or whirlwinds, 263 Tyrant of the Straits, or Levanter, 236
Tyre, its great riches, 92, 311 Tyrrhenian sea when agitated, 246 Undaunted frigate saved the barge, 236 Under-current at Gibraltar, 130, 153
United Service Journal on Plague, (see Nos. 49 and 51,) 228
Universal History on Lakes, 119
Universal solar dial, 384 Up-heaved shoals, 388
Ustica island, 32
Utile foundered in 1801, 302 Vada, 21 Vado shoal, Tuscan coast, 333 Val di Boppa, ancient port, 53
Valencia, 7 Valetta and its fortifications, 399
Valona, 45, 46 Vanguard, gale in the Gulf of Lyons, 242 Vapour collected, then dissipated, 235
Var, river, 13 Varano, Lake of, 37 Variable weather in the Levant, 282
Variation of the Compass, 384 Varro on malaria, 224
Vasili-potam<5, or Eurotas, 60
Vathi, deep port, 55
Vatica, Bay of, 60
Vegetius a sort of engineer, 318
Veglia, 41
Velanidi, export from Agio Strati, 66
Velocity of current at Gibraltar, 130, 160
Velox, Austrian brig, 363 Vendre, Port, 14 Venetian seasons for navigating, 255
Venetico, Isle of, 59
Venice, Gulf of, 35, 38, 400
city of the sea, 165
slight tide, 182
fall of rain, 218 Venice hidden by fog, 291 Vent de cers in Languedoc, 246 Venti somniculares, 271
stati, see Bacon, 272
Vesuvius, height of, 25 Via Beggio, 21
Villafranca, 19, 395
Virgil quoted, 93
on' the Galesus, 222
Virgil's rusty sun, 290
Visconti, General, 18
Visconti's longitudes compared, 369
intended chart, 371 on Palermo longitude, 418
Vitelli and Benaglio, on Adriatic, 338
Vitruvius gave twenty-four winds, 278
Vladika, Prince Bishop, 43 Voiding Mount, 57 Volcanic mass at Modon, 60
Volcanic zone, 106
spring at Panarla, 143
Volcanoes, interrupted action, 109 under water, 499
Volo, gulf of, 63, 185
Volsci, their territory, 24 Von Buch on volcanoes, 111
Vonitsa, 49
Vostitsa, 52 Vulcanian group, 31 Walcheken, its malaria, 228
Walker, Messrs., Hydrographic Office, 355 Walton, his laconic despatch, 180
Water-bottle made by Jones, 129
boiling, temperature of, 153
gazing tube, 379
spouts in Ionian sea, 263 how formed, 265
Watershed, a poor term, 174 Weather indications, 277, 301
in Black Sea, 77
wise, essential to be, 211
in various parts, 215
tables, 216
within the Straits, 237 Weighing sections of a chart, 148
Wellington schooner, 482 Wemyss, Captain, lost, 275 Western Italy, 17
Greece, 48, 51
division of Mediterranean, 231 Whales occasional in Mediterranean, 196 Wind-wave differs from tide-wave, 171 Winds, their effect on water, 145
tides, 183
outside the Strait, 234
in the Egean, 277 Winter in the Archipelago, 274
Wollaston on sea-water, 128, 160
dip-sector imitated, 382 Wreck of Arabian ship, 117 Wrecks and shoals in the Syrtis, 190
Wright's meridian parts, 338 Wyld on Albania, 1673, 342 Xanthus, an able geologist, 122 Xenophon a geographer, 315 J
INDEX. 519
Xerxes on Mount Athos, 65
his fleet, 273 Ydhra, or Hydra, 61 Yedf-Burun, or Seven Capes, 78 Yussuf Basha powerful, 88, 487 Zach, Baron de, 347 on the Mediterranean, 355
• on chronoraetric runs, 418
Correspondance Astronomique, 418
Marshal, at Trieste, 363
Zagora, Mount, 51 Zannoni Rizzi, 348
Zannoni's Faro of Messina, 356
Zante, 52, 55
Zaphran isles, 97
Zara, 41 Zarethra described by Leake, 142 Zawafnir isles, 93 Zebra stranded at Acre, 284 Zembra isles, 93
L'Aigle lost on, 296 Zephyrus variously described, 277
Zeuxis of Sicyon, 51
Zituni, bay of, 63
Zoara, salterns of, 90
Zodiacal light, 295
Zones of fishes in the sea, 195
Zuca, lake, has disappeared, 89
Zuri isle, Adriatic, 44
THE END.
LONDON
:
SAVILL AND EDWARDS, PRINTERS, CHANDOS STREET, COVENT GARDEN.
m

i

